“I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.”




“Do you hate people?”
“I don't hate them...I just feel better when they're not around.”



“Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.”

“For instance, on the planet Earth, man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much—the wheel, New York, wars and so on—whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man—for precisely the same reasons.”



“Well, don't expect us to be too impressed. We just saw Finnick Odair in his underwear.”



“Sometimes you climb out of bed in the morning and you think, I'm not going to make it, but you laugh inside — remembering all the times you've felt that way.”

“I have never listened to anyone who criticized my taste in space travel, sideshows or gorillas. When this occurs, I pack up my dinosaurs and leave the room.”



“Finnick?" I say, "Maybe some pants?"
He looks down at his legs as if noticing his outfit for the first time. Then he whips off his hospital gown leaving him in just his underwear. "Why? Do you find this" -- he strikes a ridiculously provocative pose -- "distracting?"
I laugh. Boggs looks embarrassed and Finnick looks more like the guy I met at the Quarter Quell”



“The only way to get through life is to laugh your way through it. You either have to laugh or cry. I prefer to laugh. Crying gives me a headache.”

“I came from a real tough neighborhood. Once a guy pulled a knife on me. I knew he wasn't a professional, the knife had butter on it.”

“A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.”

“The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.”



“Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.”

“Crying is for plain women. Pretty women go shopping.”

“When I was your age, television was called books.”



“If you're too open-minded; your brains will fall out.”

“Headline?" he asked.
"'Swing Set Needs Home,'" I said.
"'Desperately Lonely Swing Set Needs Loving Home,'" he said.
"'Lonely, Vaguely Pedophilic Swing Set Seeks the Butts of Children,'" I said.”



“If someone were to harm my family or a friend or somebody I love, I would eat them. I might end up in jail for 500 years, but I would eat them.”

“I’ve been fighting to be who I am all my life. What’s the point of being who I am, if I can’t have the person who was worth all the fighting for?”



“If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?”

“Hello, Harry" said George, beaming at him. "We thought we heard your dulcet tones."
"You don't want to bottle up your anger like that, Harry, let it all out," said Fred, also beaming. "There might be a couple of people fifty miles away who didn't hear you.”



“So you're a Shadowhunter,' Nate said. 'De Quincey told me that you lot were monsters.'
'Was that before or after he tried to eat you?' Will inquired.”



“What a kid I got, I told him about the birds and the bees and he told me about the butcher and my wife.”

“To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable.”

“Like water leaking through a dam," said Piper.
"Yeah," smiled Percy. "We've got a dam hole."
"What?" Piper asked.
"Nothing," he said. "Inside joke.”



“Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.”

“It is known that there are an infinite number of worlds, simply because there is an infinite amount of space for them to be in. However, not every one of them is inhabited. Therefore, there must be a finite number of inhabited worlds. Any finite number divided by infinity is as near to nothing as makes no odds, so the average population of all the planets in the Universe can be said to be zero. From this it follows that the population of the whole Universe is also zero, and that any people you may meet from time to time are merely the products of a deranged imagination.”



“If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.”

“Today a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration, that we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively, there is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves. Heres Tom with the Weather.”

“It would seem that you have no useful skill or talent whatsoever," he said. "Have you thought of going into teaching?”



“Once I pulled a job, I was so stupid. I picked a guy's pocket on an airplane and made a run for it.”

“Those sweet lips. My, oh my, I could kiss those lips all night long.
Good things come to those who wait.”




“Vhat ozzer abilities do you haf?" ter Borcht snapped, which his assistant waited, pen in hand.
Gazzy thought. "I have X-ray vision," he said. He peered at ter Borcht's chest, then blinked and looked alarmed.
Ter Borcht was startled for a second, but then he frowned. "Don't write dat down," he told his assistant in irritation. The assistant froze in midsentence.
"You. Do you haf any qualities dat distinguish you in any way?"
Nudge chewed on a fingernail. "You mean, like, besides the WINGS?" She shook her shoulders gently, and her beautiful fawn-colored wings unfolded a bit.
His face flushed, and I felt like cheering. "Yes," he said stiffly. "Besides de vings."
"Hmm. Besides de vings." Nudge tapped one finger against her chin. "Um..." Her face brightened. "I once ate nine Snickers bars in one sitting. Without barfing. That was a record!"
"Hardly a special talent," ter Borcht said witheringly.
Nudge was offended. "Yeah? Let's see YOU do it."
...
"I vill now eat nine Snickers bars," Gazzy said in a perfect, creepy imitation of ter Borcht's voice, "visout bahfing."
Iggy rubbed his forehead with one hand. "Well, I have a highly developed sense of irony."
Ter Borcht tsked. "You are a liability to your group. I assume you alvays hold on to someone's shirt, yes? Following dem closely?"
"Only when I'm trying to steal their dessert"
...Fang pretended to think, gazing up at the ceiling. "Besides my fashion sense? I play a mean harmonica."
"I vill now destroy de Snickuhs bahrs!" Gazzy barked.”

“When you're drowning you don't think,
I would be incredibly pleased if someone would notice I'm drowning and come and rescue me.
You just scream.”

“It struck me as pretty ridiculous to be called Mr. Darcy and to stand on your own looking snooty at a party. It's like being called Heathcliff and insisting on spending the entire evening in the garden, shouting "Cathy" and banging your head against a tree.”



“Just because you said dragon demons were extinct—"
"I said mostly extinct."
Alec jabbed a finger toward him.
"Mostly extinct," he said, his voice trembling with rage, "is NOT
EXTINCT ENOUGH."
"I see," said Jace. "I'll just have them change the entry in the demonology textbook from 'almost extinct' to 'not extinct enough for Alec. He prefers his monsters really, really extinct.' Will that make you happy?”



“Short cuts make long delays.”



“I'd rather be a rising ape than a falling angel.”

“The human body is the best work of art.”

“If complete and utter chaos was lightning, then he'd be the sort to stand on a hilltop in a thunderstorm wearing wet copper armour and shouting 'All gods are bastards!”



“No intelligent idea can gain general acceptance unless some stupidity is mixed in with it”

“Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.”

“Everybody does have a book in them, but in most cases that's where it should stay.”

“You're not very nice," I say, grinning.
"You're one to talk."
"Hey, I could be nice if I tried."
"Hmm." He taps his chin. "Say something nice, then."
"You're very good-looking."
He smiles, his teeth a flash in this dark. "I like this 'nice' thing.”



“I can't decide whether I'm a good girl wrapped up in a bad girl, or if I'm a bad girl wrapped up in a good girl. And that's how I know I'm a woman!”

“the only way Bex would miss this would be if she were unconscious. And tied up. And in a concrete bunker. In Siberia.”



“FEAR stands for fuck everything and run.”



“Asscrown," I muttered under my breath as I headed to my next class. I wasn't proud of swearing at a complete stranger, no. but he started it.
Noah matched my pace. "Don't you mean 'assclown'?" He looked amused.
"No," I said, louder this time. "I mean asscrown. The crown on top of the asshat that covers the asshole of the assclown. The very zenith in the hierarchy of asses," I said, as though I was reading from a dictionary of modern profanity.
"I guess you nailed me then.”



“I'm a poet, and I like my lies the way my mother used to make them.”



“A fit, healthy body—that is the best fashion statement”

“We need to reclaim the word 'feminism'. We need the word 'feminism' back real bad. When statistics come in saying that only 29% of American women would describe themselves as feminist - and only 42% of British women - I used to think, What do you think feminism IS, ladies? What part of 'liberation for women' is not for you? Is it freedom to vote? The right not to be owned by the man you marry? The campaign for equal pay? 'Vogue' by Madonna? Jeans? Did all that good shit GET ON YOUR NERVES? Or were you just DRUNK AT THE TIME OF THE SURVEY?”



“There's a time and place for everything, and I believe it’s called 'fan fiction'.”

“If it’s true that our species is alone in the universe, then I’d have to say the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little.”



“I came from a real tough neighborhood. Why, every time I shut the window I hurt somebody's fingers.”

“I feel that life is divided into the horrible and the miserable. That's the two categories. The horrible are like, I don't know, terminal cases, you know, and blind people, crippled. I don't know how they get through life. It's amazing to me. And the miserable is everyone else. So you should be thankful that you're miserable, because that's very lucky, to be miserable.”



“Never knock on death's door. Ring the doorbell then run. He totally hates that.
- T-shirt”



“Shouldn't someone give a pep talk or something?" Minho asked, pulling Thomas's attention away from Alby.
"Go ahead," Newt replied.
Minho nodded and faced the crowd. "Be careful," he said dryly. "Don't die.”



“I felt like an animal, and animals don’t know sin, do they?”



“There is no sunrise so beautiful that it is worth waking me up to see it.”



“Fifty percent of all doctors graduate in the bottom half of their class - Hope your surgery went well!”



“Make it dark, make it grim, make it tough, but then, for the love of God, tell a joke.”

“Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I know because I've done it thousands of times.”

“I'm tired of this back-slappin' "isn't humanity neat" bullshit. We're a virus with shoes.”

“The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius.”




“We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.”



“my heart has more rooms in it than a whore house”

“A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.”



“I don't deserve a soul, yet I still have one. I know because it hurts.”



“Ethan Wyeth: I hope you're thirsty."
Gideon Wyeth:"Why?"
Ethan: "Cause your dumb and ugly, but I can do something about thirsty.”

“Today as always, men fall into two groups: slaves and free men. Whoever does not have two-thirds of his day for himself, is a slave, whatever he may be: a statesman, a businessman, an official, or a scholar.”

“We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!”



“Not only will you sleep with me, but you will say 'please.'"
I stared at him, shocked.
The smile widened. "You will say 'please' before and 'thank you' after."
Nervous laughter bubbled up. "You've gone insane. All that peroxide in your hair finally did your brain in, Goldilocks.”



“Our great democracies still tend to think that a stupid man is more likely to be honest than a clever man, and our politicians take advantage of this prejudice by pretending to be even more stupid than nature made them.”



“Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the western spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun. Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-two million miles is an utterly insignificant little blue green planet whose ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches are a pretty neat idea.”



“Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the road less traveled by and they CANCELLED MY FRIKKIN' SHOW. I totally shoulda took the road that had all those people on it. Damn.”

“On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.”



“I imagine hell like this: Italian punctuality, German humour and English wine.”

“When I ask how old your toddler is, I don't need to hear '27 months.' 'He's two' will do just fine. He's not a cheese. And I didn't really care in the first place.”

“While the Clave disapproves of trespassers, oddly they take an even darker view of beheading and skinning people. They're peculiar that way.”



“What was up with class today? It was watered-down porn. He practically had you and Patch on top of your lab table, horizontal, minus your clothes, doing the Big Deed.”



“When in doubt, ignore and be horribly unimpressed”

“Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil... prayer, fasting, good works and so on. Up until Doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun. Eat leaden death, demon...”

“V-Day…if you need this one day in a year to show everyone else you truly care for “your loved one” I think it’s quite stupid. I hate this commercialism. It’s all artificial, and has nothing to do with real love.”



“Hey. Sometimes life is a shit flavored Popsicle.”



“Failed relationships can be described as so much wasted make-up.”



“Darling, when things go wrong in life, you lift your chin, put on a ravishing smile, mix yourself a little cocktail...”

“This is a team of gay dudes, isn't it?"
What gave it away? The pink shirts, or half our team drooling over you?”



“... It's perfect! Locke would appreciate it."
"Bug," Calo said, "Locke is our brother and our love for him knows no bounds. But the four most fatal words in the Therin language are 'Locke would appreciate it.'"
"Rivalled only by 'Locke taught me a new trick,'" added Galo.
"The only person who gets away with Locke Lamora games ..."
"... is Locke ..."
"... because we think the gods are saving him up for a really big death. Something with knives and hot irons ..."
"... and fifty thousand cheering spectators.”



“Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.”

“You really saw some?" Liz said an hour later. Sure, we had the stereo blaring and the shower running, but Liz still whispered, "They really...exist?"
"Liz," I whispered back, "they're not unicorns."
"No," Bex said flatly, "they're boys. And they're...good.”



“Is Jase already gonna marry you?”
I start coughing again. “Uh, No. No, George. I’m only seventeen.” As if that’s the only reason we’re not engaged.
“I’m this many.” George holds up four, slightly grubby fingers. “But Jase is seventeen and a half. You could. Then you could live in here with him. And have a big family.”
Jase strides back into the room, of course, midway through this proposition. “George. Beat it. Discovery Channel is on.”
George backs out of the room but not before saying, “His bed’s really comfortable. And he never pees in it.”




“Thorne scoffed. “
Careful
is my middle name. Right after
Suave
and
Daring
.”
“Do you even know what you're saying half the time?” asked Cinder.”



“You stole a boat,” she snapped. “What am I doing with you, you boat-stealing lunatic?”



“Come on, Rory! It isn't rocket science, it's just quantum physics!
-The Doctor (Matt Smith)”

“A man who trusts everyone is a fool and a man who trusts no one is a fool. We are all fools if we live long enough.”



“Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you have been drinking.”

“She shivered as he left her to go to the fire, and find water and cloths. He leaned into the light, and brightness and shadows moved across his body. He was beautiful. She admired him, and he flashed a grin at her.
Almost as beautiful as you are conceited
, she thought at him, and he laughed out loud.”



“I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am.”

“My head’ll explode if I continue with this escapism.”



“I am who I am and that's who I am”

“Yes, I am here. And you are lucky to be here too after all the absurd things you've done since you left home.”



“Language is my whore, my mistress, my wife, my pen-friend, my check-out girl. Language is a complimentary moist lemon-scented cleansing square or handy freshen-up wipette. Language is the breath of God, the dew on a fresh apple, it's the soft rain of dust that falls into a shaft of morning sun when you pull from an old bookshelf a forgotten volume of erotic diaries; language is the faint scent of urine on a pair of boxer shorts, it's a half-remembered childhood birthday party, a creak on the stair, a spluttering match held to a frosted pane, the warm wet, trusting touch of a leaking nappy, the hulk of a charred Panzer, the underside of a granite boulder, the first downy growth on the upper lip of a Mediterranean girl, cobwebs long since overrun by an old Wellington boot.”

“Can I have a look at Uranus too, Lavender?”



“THAT'S IT!" Terminus cried. "That's AGAINST THE RULES!"
Polybotes frowned, obviously confused that he was being told off by a statue. "What are you?" he growled. "Shut up!"
He pushed the statue over and turned back to Percy.
"Now I'm MAD!" Terminus shrieked. "I'm strangling you. Feel that? Those are my hands around your neck, you big bully. Get over here! I'm going to head-butt you so hard--”



“Oh, I can never get enough. Which, incidentally, is what your sister said when--”



“If you are an alien, how come you sound like you're from the north?'
'Lots of planets have a north!”

“Why do boys say someone acts like a girl as if it were an insult?”



“Whatever happened to the dragon?"
I mustered my primmest tone. "He has a name, you know."
Adrian pulled back and gave me a curious look. "I didn't know, actually. What'd you decide on?"
"Hopper." When Adrian laughed, I added, "Best rabbit ever. He'd be proud to know his name is being passed on."
"Yes, I'm sure he would. Did you name the Mustang too?"
"I think you mean the Ivashkinator."
He stared at me in wonder. "I told you I loved you, right?
"Yes," I assured him. "Many times.”



“I believe that there is an equality to all humanity. We all suck.”

“If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss Bank.”

“What's so unpleasant about being drunk?"
"Ask a glass of water!”



“What ho!" I said.
"What ho!" said Motty.
"What ho! What ho!"
"What ho! What ho! What ho!"
After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation.”



“Kindness suits you."
"Really? I think I'm quite allergic to it.”

“Happiness is waking up, looking at the clock and finding that you still have two hours left to sleep.”

“Sex, whatever else it is, is an athletic skill. The more you practice, the more you can, the more you want to, the more you enjoy it, the less it tires you.”



“Everybody knows if you are too careful you are so occupied in being careful that you are sure to stumble over something. ”

“Patrick actually used to be popular before Sam bought him some good music.”



“Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.”



“Of course I’ve gone mad with power! Have you ever tried going mad without power? It’s boring and no one listens to you!
— Russ Cargill”

“Don’t take this the wrong way, but you smell like Magnus.”



“Humor is what happens when we're told the truth quicker and more directly than we're used to.”




“A sense of humour is the only divine quality of man”

“The universe contains any amount of horrible ways to be woken up, such as the noise of the mob breaking down the front door, the scream of fire engines, or the realization that today is the Monday which on Friday night was a comfortably long way off.
A dog's wet nose is not strictly speaking the worst of the bunch, but it has its own peculiar dreadfulness which connoisseurs of the ghastly and dog owners everywhere have come to know and dread. It's like having a small piece of defrosting liver pressed lovingly against you.”



“Valkyrie patted Fletcher’s arm. “Don’t worry,” she said. “If the bad man comes, I’ll protect you.”
“If the bad man comes,” Fletcher responded, “I’ll bravely give out a high-pitched scream to distract him. I may even bravely faint, to give him a false sense of security. That will be your signal to strike.”
“We make a great team.”
“Just don’t forget to stand in front of me the whole time,” he said.”



“I need a weapon,” Valkyrie muttered.
“You’re an Elemental with a Necromancer ring, trained in
a variety of martial arts by some of the best ﬁghters in the world,” Skulduggery pointed out. “I’m fairly certain that makes you a weapon.”
“I mean a weapon you hold. You have a gun, Tanith has a sword... I want a stick.”
“I’ll buy you a stick for Christmas.”



“I have no objection to anyone’s sex life as long as they don’t practice it in the street and frighten the horses.”

“You will suffer, son of Hades!’
What else is new? Nico thought.”



“I am irritated by my own writing. I am like a violinist whose ear is true, but whose fingers refuse to reproduce precisely the sound he hears within.”

“Armageddon was yesterday, today we have a serious problem.”



“Revenge may be wicked, but it’s natural.”



“She took out a shiny folded pamphlet, the kind they kept stacked in clear plastic stands in hospital waiting rooms. "How to Come Out to Your Parents," she read out loud. "LUKE. Don't be ridiculous. Simon's not gay, he's a vampire.”



“Big flashy things have my name written all over them. Well... not yet, give me time and a crayon.”

“My sister has mistaken me for a mushroom. She keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit.”



“A hangover is the wrath of grapes.”

“The English language is like London: proudly barbaric yet deeply civilised, too, common yet royal, vulgar yet processional, sacred yet profane. Each sentence we produce, whether we know it or not, is a mongrel mouthful of Chaucerian, Shakespearean, Miltonic, Johnsonian, Dickensian and American. Military, naval, legal, corporate, criminal, jazz, rap and ghetto discourses are mingled at every turn. The French language, like Paris, has attempted, through its Academy, to retain its purity, to fight the advancing tides of Franglais and international prefabrication. English, by comparison, is a shameless whore.”



“There's an old joke - um... two elderly women are at a Catskill mountain resort, and one of 'em says, "Boy, the food at this place is really terrible." The other one says, "Yeah, I know; and such small portions." Well, that's essentially how I feel about life - full of loneliness, and misery, and suffering, and unhappiness, and it's all over much too quickly.”



“The problem is that the people with the most ridiculous ideas are always the people who are most certain of them."
(
The Decider
, July 21, 2007)”

“Most men are not wicked... They are sleep-walkers, not evil evildoers.”

“I suppose it’s not a social norm, and not a manly thing to do — to feel, discuss feelings. So that’s what I’m giving the finger to. Social norms and stuff…what good are social norms, really? I think all they do is project a limited and harmful image of people. It thus impedes a broader social acceptance of what someone, or a group of people, might actually be like.”



“There was this about vampires : they could never look scruffy. Instead, they were... what was the word... deshabille. It meant untidy, but with bags and bags of style.”



“What would killing the Elders result in?"
"Panic? Fear? Three empty parking spaces in the Sanctuary?”



“You don't want him," she said to the pink-haired girl. "He has syphilis."
The girls stared. "Syphilis?"
"Five percent of people in America have it," said Ty helpfully.
"I do not have syphilis," Mark said angrily. "There are no sexually transmitted diseases in Faerieland!"
"Sorry," Jules said. "You know how syphilis is. Attacks the brain.”



“I don’t have a photograph, but you can have my footprints. They’re upstairs in my socks.”

“Just think how many books I could've sold if Harry had been a bit more creative with his wand." -[On the success of 50 Shades of Grey]”

“I remember the time I was kidnapped and they sent a piece of my finger to my father. He said he wanted more proof.”

“Tucker: "Today we ran into a mama grizzly with two cubs at the ridge off Colter Bay and Clara sang to it to make it go away."
Mrs. Avery: You sang to it?
Tucker: Her singing is that bad.”



“People who count their chickens before they are hatched act very wisely because chickens run about so absurdly that it's impossible to count them accurately.”

“The eidolons started pounding on the door.
'Who is it?' Leo called.
'Valdez!'
'Valdez who?”



“My point is that I am going to figure this out, like I always do. First, we’re going to find a way to get into Artemisia. We’re going to find Cress and rescue Cinder and Wolf. We’re going to overthrow Levana, and by the stars above, we are going to make Cinder a queen so she can pay us a lot of money from her royal coffers and we can all retire very rich and very alive, got it?"
Winter started to clap. "Brilliant speech. Such gumption and bravado."
"And yet strangely lacking in any sort of actual strategy," said Scarlet.
"Oh, good, I'm glad you noticed that too," said Iko. "I was worried my processor might be glitching.”



“The wish of death had been palpably hanging over this otherwise idyllic paradise for a good many years.

All business and politics is personal in the Philippines.

If it wasn't for the cheap beer and lovely girls one of us would spend an hour in this dump.

They [Jehovah's Witnesses] get some kind of frequent flyer points for each person who signs on.
I'm not lazy. I'm just motivationally challenged.

I'm not fat. I just have lots of stored energy.
You don't get it do you? What people think of you matters more than the reality. Marilyn.

Despite standing firm at the final hurdle Marilyn was always ready to run the race.

After answering the question the woman bent down behind the stand out of sight of all, and crossed herself.

It is amazing what you can learn in prison. Merely through casual conversation Rick had acquired the fundamentals of embezzlement, fraud and armed hold up.

He wondered at the price of honesty in a grey world whose half tones changed faster than the weather.

The banality of truth somehow always surprises the news media before they tart it up.

You've ridden jeepneys in peak hour. Where else can you feel up a fourteen-year-old schoolgirl without even trying? [Ralph Winton on the Philippines finer points]

Life has no bottom. No matter how bad things are or how far one has sunk things can always get worse.

You could call the Oval Office an information rain shadow.

In the Philippines, a whole layer of criminals exists who consider that it is their right to rob you unhindered. If you thwart their wicked desires, to their way of thinking you have stolen from them and are evil.

There's honest and dishonest corruption in this country.

Don't enjoy it too much for it's what we love that usually kills us.

The good guys don't always win wars but the winners always make sure that they go down in history as the good guys.

The Philippines is like a woman. You love her and hate her at the same time.

I never believed in all my born days that ideas of truth and justice were only pretty words to brighten a much darker and more ubiquitous reality.
The girl was experiencing the first flushes of love while Rick was at least feeling the methadone equivalent.

Although selfishness and greed are more ephemeral than the real values of life their effects on the world often outlive their origins.

Miriam's a meteor job. Somewhere out there in space there must be a meteor with her name on it.

Tsismis or rumours grow in this land like tropical weeds.

Surprises are so common here that nothing is surprising.

A crooked leader who can lead is better than a crooked one who can't.

Although I always followed the politics of Hitler I emulate the drinking habits of Churchill.

It [Australia] is the country that does the least with the most.

Rereading the brief lines that told the story in the manner of Fox News reporting the death of a leftist Rick's dark imagination took hold.

Didn't your mother ever tell you never to trust a man who doesn't drink?

She must have been around twenty years old, was tall for a Filipina and possessed long black hair framing her smooth olive face. This specter of loveliness walked with the assurance of the knowingly beautiful. Her crisp and starched white uniform dazzled in the late-afternoon light and highlighted the natural tan of her skin. Everything about her was in perfect order. In short, she was dressed up like a pox doctor’s clerk. Suddenly, she stopped, turned her head to one side and spat comprehensively into the street. The tiny putrescent puddle contrasted strongly with the studied aplomb of its all-too-recent owner, suggesting all manner of disease and decay.”

“Hello? This is Clary Fairchild.”
“Clary? It’s me, Emma.”
“Oh, Emma, hi! I haven’t heard from you in ages. My mom says thanks for the wedding flowers, by the way. She wanted to send a note but Luke whisked her away on a honeymoon to Tahiti.”
“Tahiti sounds nice.”
“It probably is — Jace, what are you doing with that thing? There is no way it’ll fit.”
“Is this a bad time?”
“What? No! Jace is trying to drag a trebuchet into the training room. Alec, stop helping him.”
“What’s a trebuchet?”
“It’s a huge catapult.”
“What are they going to use it for?”
“I have no idea. Alec, you’re enabling! You’re an enabler!”
“Maybe it is a bad time.”
“I doubt there’ll be a better one. Is something wrong? Is there anything I can do?”
“I think we have your cat.”
“What?”
“Your cat. Big fuzzy Blue Persian? Always looks angry? Julian says it’s your cat. He says he saw it at the New York Institute. Well, saw him. It’s a boy cat.”
“Church? You have Church? But I thought — well, we knew he was gone. We thought Brother Zachariah took him. Isabelle was annoyed, but they seemed to know each other. I’ve never seen Church actually likeanyone like that.”
“I don’t know if he likes anyone here. He bit Julian twice. Oh, wait. Julian says he likes Ty. He’s asleep on Ty’s bed.”
“How did you wind up with him?”
“Someone rang our front doorbell. Diana, she’s our tutor, went down to see what it was. Church was in a cage on the front step with a note tied to it. It said For Emma. This is Church, a longtime friend of the Carstairs. Take care of this cat and he will take care of you. —J.”
“Brother Zachariah left you a cat.”
“But I don’t even really know him. And he’s not a Silent Brother any more.”
“You may not know him, but he clearly knows you.”
“What do you think the J stands for?”
“His real name. Look, Emma, if he wants you to have Church, and you want Church, you should keep him.”
“Are you sure? The Lightwoods —“
‘They’re both standing here nodding. Well, Alec is partially trapped under a trebuchet, but he seems to be nodding.”
“Jules says we’d like to keep him. We used to have a cat named Oscar, but he died, and, well, Church seems to be good for Ty’s nightmares.”
“Oh, honey. I think, really, he’s Brother Zachariah’s cat. And if he wants you to have him, then you should.”
“Why does Brother Zachariah want to protect me? It’s like he knows me, but I don’t know why he knows me.”
“I don’t exactly know … But I know Tessa. She’s his — well, girlfriend seems not the right word for it. They’ve known each other a long, long time. I have a feeling they’re both watching over you.”
“That’s good. I have a feeling we’re going to need it.”
“Emma — oh my God. The trebuchet just crashed through the floor. I have to go. Call me later.”
“But we can keep the cat?”
“You can keep the cat.”




“Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay.”



“Sometimes you know you've got a chance with a girl because she wants to fight with you. If the world wasn't so messed up, it wouldn't be like that. If the world was normal, a girl being nice to you would be a good sign, but in the real world, it isn't.”

“Look, there's no metaphysics on earth like chocolates.”



“You curse a lot."
"Fuck you - I hardly curse at all.”



“The last ever dolphin message was misinterpreted as a surprisingly sophisticated attempt to do a double-backwards-somersault through a hoop whilst whistling the 'Star Spangled Banner', but in fact the message was this:
So long and thanks for all the fish.
”



“My shining dishonesty will be the salvation of me.”



“For a terrifying moment I thought he was going to hug me, but fortunately we both remembered we were English just in time. Still, it was a close call.”



“Our relationship wasn't the sun, the moon, the stars, but it wasn't bullshit, either.”



“You can't give her that!' she screamed. 'It's not safe!'
IT'S A SWORD, said the Hogfather. THEY'RE NOT MEANT TO BE SAFE.
'She's a child!' shouted Crumley.
IT'S EDUCATIONAL.
'What if she cuts herself?'
THAT WILL BE AN IMPORTANT LESSON.”



“I like the way you've let your hair go curly," he finally said. "Suits your personality. Lots of energy, not much control, sexy as hell,"
Joe Morelli to Stephanie Plum”



“You're driving me NORMAL!”



“Please, touch me, I pray.”



“All worthy work is open to interpretations the author did not intend. Art isn't your pet -- it's your kid. It grows up and talks back to you.”

“Life in a box is better than no life at all, I expect. You'd have a chance at least. You could lie there thinking: Well, at least I'm not dead.”



“Please, amigo. We need you, Kimosabe, O Mighty Powerful One. We need you more than the earth rises in the west."
The sun rises in the east, dickhead."
Only if you're standing on the earth. If you're on the moon, the earth rises in the west.”



“Smirking, he says, "Whatever spell you just tried to cast on me, it didn't work, so I think you need to go back to Hogwarts.”



“The man had a smooth voice, like velvet. “I’m Detective Inspector Me. Unusual name, I know. My family were incredibly
narcissistic. I’m lucky I escaped with any degree of humility at all, to be honest, but then I’ve always managed to exceed expectations. You are Kenny Dunne, are you not?”
“I am.”
“Just a few questions for you, Mr Dunne. Or Kenny. Can I call you Kenny? I feel we’ve become friends these past few seconds. Can I call you Kenny?”
“Sure,” Kenny said, slightly bafﬂed.
“Thank you. Thank you very much. It’s important you feel comfortable around me, Kenny. It’s important we build up a level of trust. That way I’ll catch you completely unprepared when I
suddenly accuse you of murder.”



“She told me later that her parents had told her to steer clear of me at school.
"My mum said that nobody really knew where you came from. And that you might be dangerous." "Why didn't you listen to her?" I asked.
"Because nobody knew where you came from, Simon! And you might be dangerous!"
"You have the worst survival instincts."
"Also, I felt sorry for you," she said. "You were holding your wand backwards.”



“For Children: You will need to know the difference between Friday and a fried egg. It's quite a simple difference, but an important one. Friday comes at the end of the week, whereas a fried egg comes out of a chicken. Like most things, of course, it isn't quite that simple. The fried egg isn't properly a fried egg until it's been put in a frying pan and fried. This is something you wouldn't do to a Friday, of course, though you might do it on a Friday. You can also fry eggs on a Thursday, if you like, or on a cooker. It's all rather complicated, but it makes a kind of sense if you think about it for a while.”



“Don't call me 'gentleman'. I work for a livin'.”

“After all, what could you expect from a pig but a grunt?”

“I don't want to be a genius-I have enough problems just trying to be a man.”

“I love you all, even those I don’t particularly like. That’s you, Beryl.”



“Hey, Carrots," he says.”



“When would he learn that women never stayed where you put them?”



“You're not allowed to call them dinosaurs any more," said Yo-less. "It's speciesist. You have to call them pre-petroleum persons.”



“I'm too young, too smart and too good-looking to die.”



“Now-what’s our game plan?”
Coach Hedge belched. He’d already had three espressos and a plate of doughnuts, along with two napkins and another flower from the vase on the table. He would’ve eaten the silverware, except Piper had slapped his hand.
“Climb the mountain,” Hedge said. “Kill everything except Piper’s dad. Leave.”
“Thank you General Eisenhower,” Jason grumbles.”



“I want a Zero Tolerance policy on All The Patriarchal Bullshit.”



“But the plans were on display…”
“On display? I eventually had to go down to the cellar to find them.”
“That’s the display department.”
“With a flashlight.”
“Ah, well, the lights had probably gone.”
“So had the stairs.”
“But look, you found the notice, didn’t you?”
“Yes,” said Arthur, “yes I did. It was on display in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door saying ‘Beware of the Leopard.”




“I personally believe we developed language because of our deep inner need to complain.”



“Holy freak show!”



“Ankh-Morpork had dallied with many forms of government and had ended up with that form of democracy known as One Man, One Vote. The Patrician was the Man; he had the Vote.”



“Let us find the dam snack bar," Zoe said. "We should eat while we can."
Grover cracked a smile. "The dam snack bar?"
Zoe blinked. "Yes. What is funny?"
"Nothing," Grover said, trying to keep a straight face. "I could use some dam french
fries."
Even Thalia smiled at that. "And I need to use the dam restroom."
Maybe it was the fact that we were so tired and strung out emotionally, but I started
cracking up, and Thalia and Grover joined in, while Zoe just looked at us. "I do not
understand."
"I want to use the dam water fountain," Grover said.
"And…" Thalia tried to catch her breath. "I want to buy a dam T-shirt."
I busted up, and I probably would've kept laughing all day, but then I heard a noise:
"Moooo."
The smile melted off my face. I wondered if the noise was just in my head, but Grover
had stopped laughing too. He was looking around, confused. "Did I just hear a cow?"
"A dam cow?" Thalia laughed.”



“She was an idiot. An adorable, gorgeous, feisty, funny, sweet, sexy idiot.”



“Look!" said Foaly, pointing with some urgency into the vast steel-gray gloom, "Someone who cares!”



“I said breathe. Not do a fish-out of-water imitation.”



“Explaining a joke is like dissecting a frog. You understand it better but the frog dies in the process.”

“My congratulations to you, sir. Your manuscript is both good and original; but the part that is good is not original, and the part that is original is not good. ”

“I had the right to remain silent... but I didn't have the ability.”

“Every day's a negotiation and sometimes it's done with guns.”

“A man when he is making up to anybody can be cordial and gallant and full of little attentions and altogether charming. But when a man is really in love he can't help looking like a sheep.”



“If I looked like him,” Tara said. “I’d want to have sex with myself. All the time.”



“...I doubt very seriously whether anyone will hire me.'
What do you mean, babe? You a fine boy with a good education.'
Employers sense in me a denial of their values.' He rolled over onto his back. 'They fear me. I suspect that they can see that I am forced to function in a century I loathe. This was true even when I worked for the New Orleans Public Library.”



“And then, as if written by the hand of a bad novelist, an incredible thing happened.”



“Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.”

“I kind of have to go to the bathroom," Aria said woozily.
Ezra smiled. "Can I come?”



“One of the lambs fixed its attention on Jared. “Baa,” it flirted.
“Boo,” said Jared.
“Oh my God, Jared. Don’t tough-talk the lambs.”
"It was giving me a funny look.”



“...There are too many idiots in this world. And having said it, I have the burden of proving it.”



“The definition of black irony is Pro-lifers killing Doctors who do abortions”

“I am never taking a trip with either of you ever again.' Eve said. 'Ever.'
Excellent' Shane said. 'Then next trip, we hit the strip bar.'
I have a gun, Shane,' Eve sighed.
What, you think i actually loaded yours?'
Eve flipped him off, and Claire laughed.”



“Cordelia: I personally don't think it's possible to come up with a crazier plan.
Oz: We attack the Mayor with hummus.
Cordelia: I stand corrected.
Oz: Just keeping things in perspective.”

“I have written it before and am not ashamed to write it again. Without Wodehouse I am not sure that I would be a tenth of what I am today -- whatever that may be. In my teenage years, his writings awoke me to the possibilities of language. His rhythms, tropes, tricks and mannerisms are deep within me.
But more than that, he taught me something about good nature. It is enough to be benign, to be gentle, to be funny, to be kind.”

“Consider me your candy stripper... I mean striper.”



“Oh shit did you just dis the feminine gender
I'll pummel your ass then stick you in a blender
You think I like Tori and Ani so I can't rhyme
But I got flow like Ghostbusters got slime
Objectify women and it's fuckin' on
You'll be dead and gone like ancient Babylon.”



“Who's Kreacher?"
"The house-elf who lives here," said Ron. "Nutter. Never met one like him."
"He is not a nutter," said Hermione.
"His life's ambition is to have his head cut off and stuck up on a plaque like his mother", said Ron. "Is that normal, Hermione?”



“Morning, noon & bloody night,
Seven sodding days a week,
I slave at filthy WORK, that might
Be done by any book-drunk freak.
This goes on until I kick the bucket.
FUCK IT FUCK IT FUCK IT FUCK IT”



“Sure you can manage that broom, Potter?" said a cold, drawling voice.
Draco Malfoy had arrived for a closer look, Crabbe and Goyle right behind him.
"Yeah, reckon so," said Harry casually.
"Got plenty of special features, hasn't it?" said Malfoy, eyes glittering maliciously. "Shame it doesn't come with a parachute - in case you get too near a Dementor."
Crabbe and Goyle sniggered.
"Pity you can't attach an extra arm to yours, Malfoy," said Harry. "Then it could catch the Snitch for you.”



“Angela spared a glare for Kami, and then resumed her marathon glaring session at Jared. 'It's too weird. I'm going to call you Carl.'
Jared scowled. 'I don't want you to call me Carl.'
'That's interesting, Carl,' said Angela, cheering up.”



“We're taught that in life, we should try to look on the bright side. Not in this case. In this case, assume rejection first. Assume you're the rule, not the exception. It's liberating. But we also know it's not an easy concept. -He's not just into you”

“When did you get so smart?"
He tapped his forehead. "Brain transplant. They put in a whale's. I'm passing all my classes with my eyes closed now, but I just can't get over this craving for krill." He shrugged. "And I feel sorry for the whale that got my brain. Probably swimming around Florida now trying to catch glimpses of girls in bikinis.”




“Finally, the intercom crackles and Hatmitch's acerbic laugh fills the studio. He contains himself just long enough to say, 'And that, my friends, is how a revolution dies.”



“Try patting them on the back or shoulder and telling them everything is going to be fine. Lots of times when girls cry, they don't want you to fix the problem, they just want to be consoled.”



“Discipline allows magic. To be a writer is to be the very best of assassins. You do not sit down and write every day to force the Muse to show up. You get into the habit of writing every day so that when she shows up, you have the maximum chance of catching her, bashing her on the head, and squeezing every last drop out of that bitch.”

“My goal in life is to have a psychiatric disorder named after me.”



“Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.”

“An old battleax of a woman said to Winston Churchill, "If you were my husband I would put poison in your tea." Churchill's response, "Ma'am if you were my wife I would drink it.”

“Why do only the awful things become fads? I thought. Eye-rolling and Barbie and bread pudding. Why never chocolate cheesecake or thinking for yourself?”



“It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button. ”



“I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent. People know this, and steer clear of me at parties. Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me.”

“The only thing worse than having a party that no one attends is having a party attended only by two vastly, deeply uninteresting people.”



“Kaz reached into his coat pocket. "Here," he said and handed Jesper a slender book with an elaborate cover.
"Are we going to read to each other?"
"Just flip it open to the back."
Jesper opened the book and peered at the last page, puzzled. "So?"
"Hold it up so we don't have to look at your ugly face."
"My face has character. Besides - oh!"
"An excellent read, isn't it?"
"Who knew I had a taste for literature?”



“Snyder: There are some things I can just smell. It's like a sixth sense."
Giles: Well, actually, that would be one of the five.”

“People who can change and change again are so much more reliable and happier than those who can’t”



“Is he all scarred now?”
“Magic gets rid of most physical scars, but I like to think I scarred him emotionally.”



“Kaede: I know this, ungrateful dog. In order to find the sacred jewel shards, Kagome's spirtual power is essential. Yet ye made her upset with your words an sent her running home
InuYasha: That was her idea! she chose to go home! She said: "I'm going home! You jerk!"
Kaede: InuYasha, that imitation was pathetic.
InuYasha: I'm a demon, not a comedian! ”

“If money’s the god people worship, I’d rather go worship the devil instead.”



“I'll go," he said.
"And that's safer because?"
"I'm a guy."
"Right, and having a pair of dingle balls makes you invincible how?”



“Simon: You're in a dangerous line of work, Jayne. Odds are you'll be under my knife again, often. So I want you to understand one thing very clearly: No matter what you do or say or plot, no matter how you come down on us, I will never, ever harm you. You're on this table, you're safe... 'cause I'm your medic. And however little we may like or trust each other, we're on the same crew. Got the same troubles, same enemies, and more than enough of both. Now, we could circle each other and growl, sleep with one eye open, but that thought wearies me. I don't care what you've done, I don't know what you're planning on doing, but I'm trusting you. I think you should do the same. 'Cause I don't see this working any other way.
River: Also, I can kill you with my brain.”

“Why are you so weird?"
"Because my weird has to be able to cancel out your weird, Lady Cross-stitch."
"At least what I do is considered an art form."
"Yes, in ye olde medieal Europse you would've been quite the catch-”



“If I were you, I'd sue my face for slander.”



“I don't suppose you would consider peaceful surrender?”



“In a traditional German toilet, the hole into which shit disappears after we flush is right at the front, so that shit is first laid out for us to sniff and inspect for traces of illness. In the typical French toilet, on the contrary, the hole is at the back, i.e. shit is supposed to disappear as quickly as possible. Finally, the American (Anglo-Saxon) toilet presents a synthesis, a mediation between these opposites: the toilet basin is full of water, so that the shit floats in it, visible, but not to be inspected. [...] It is clear that none of these versions can be accounted for in purely utilitarian terms: each involves a certain ideological perception of how the subject should relate to excrement. Hegel was among the first to see in the geographical triad of Germany, France and England an expression of three different existential attitudes: reflective thoroughness (German), revolutionary hastiness (French), utilitarian pragmatism (English). In political terms, this triad can be read as German conservatism, French revolutionary radicalism and English liberalism. [...] The point about toilets is that they enable us not only to discern this triad in the most intimate domain, but also to identify its underlying mechanism in the three different attitudes towards excremental excess: an ambiguous contemplative fascination; a wish to get rid of it as fast as possible; a pragmatic decision to treat it as ordinary and dispose of it in an appropriate way. It is easy for an academic at a round table to claim that we live in a post-ideological universe, but the moment he visits the lavatory after the heated discussion, he is again knee-deep in ideology.”



“People soon get tired of things that aren't boring, but not of what is boring.”



“May the fleas of a thousand camels invade the crotch of the person that ruins your day. And may their arms be to short too scratch”

“You’re mad, bonkers, completely off your head. But I’ll tell you a secret. All the best people are.”

“Accentuaute the positives - medicate the negatives.”



“Hypocrite: The man who murdered his parents, and then pleaded for mercy on the grounds that he was an orphan.”

“Jerry Falwell said that the reason that September 11th happened, the reason that God allowed it to happen, was because of certain people in our country. People like, and I'm quoting, 'the pagans,' which is a motorcycle group. Feminists; he brought up feminists. [...] And I couldn't believe it, he said that God had actually talked to him and said, these were the people. That was the reason. It was those people, and that was the reason God allowed this to happen. And I thought, 'That's odd.' Because God had called me twelve hours before, and He said the reason He was upset was because of people like Jerry Falwell.”

“Here's a basic difference between Morelli and me. My first thought was always of cake. His first thought was always of sex. Don't get me wrong. I like sex . . . a lot. But it's never going to replace cake.”




“I got swirling eyes and the capacity to shatter windows with my bare voice. Tod got teleportation and invisibility. The supernatural world is so far from fair.”



“The whole world's writing novels, but nobody's reading them.”



“That girl will rain destruction down on you and your ship. She is an albatross, Captain.
Way I remember it, albatross was a ship's good luck, 'til some idiot killed it. (to Inara) Yes, I've read a poem. Try not to faint.”

“In Britain, a cup of tea is the answer to every problem.
Fallen off your bicycle? Nice cup of tea.
Your house has been destroyed by a meteorite? Nice cup of tea and a biscuit.
Your entire family has been eaten by a Tyrannosaurus Rex that has travelled through a space/time portal? Nice cup of tea and a piece of cake. Possibly a savoury option would be welcome here too, for example a Scotch egg or a sausage roll.”



“I always wanted to be a juvenile delinquent but my parents wouldn't let me.”

“This is America. We’re entitled to our opinions.”
“Wrong. This is Texas. And my opinion is the only one that counts.”



“Otis," I said.
"Shhh," he said. "I'm incognito. Call me...Otis."
"I'm not sure that's how incognito works, but okay."
Otis, aka Otis climbed into the chair I'd reserved for Sam.”



“At first, I could lie about my lack of sleep and she'd fall for it, but she started suspecting insomnia when I began seeing purple elephants in the air vents at the office. I knew I shouldn't have asked her about them. I thought maybe she'd redecorated.”



“He crouched at the car window and looked in. 'What a lovely family you have. What a charming family. They're all lovely. Except for that one.' His finger jabbed the glass. 'That one's a bit ugly.”



“And all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before--and thus was the Empire forged.”



“How can one not be fond of something that the
Daily Mail
despises?”

“He's like Super Librarian, y'know? Everyone forgets, Willow, that knowledge is the ultimate weapon.”

“Stairway to Hell or Yellow Brick Road? Why don't you give your Magic 8 Ball a shake and see if it's ready to play again.”



“You're kidding," Shane said. "Do you think I want to visit Crazy McTeeth in his lair of insanity?"
"No," Claire said, "but I'm pretty sure you won't like it if I go alone when I just kind of promised to be with you. So...?"
"Right. I've been missing Nutty McFang anyway."
"Stop making up names for him."
"What about Count Crackula?"
"Just stop.”



“To talk well and eloquently is a very great art, but that an equally great one is to know the right moment to stop.”

“I often wonder why the whole world is so prone to generalise. Generalisations are seldom if ever true and are usually utterly inaccurate.”



“I don't like killing a girl," the Spaniard said.
"God does it all the time; if it doesn't bother Him, don't let it worry you.”



“Oh, China. How I have missed you.'
'And I have missed you, Eliza. But don't worry, next time my aim will be better.”



“A thing worth having is a thing worth cheating for.”

“The word “future” and females is a dangerous combination.”



“Rose took my nose, I suppose,” he repeated; the bubble of phlegm in his throat made a disgusting crackle. “And it really blows.”



“It looked like the sort of book described in library catalogues as 'slightly foxed', although it would be more honest to admit that it looked as though it had been badgered, wolved and possibly beared as well.”



“I can't forget things, or ignore them-bad things that happen," I said. "I'm a lay-it-all-out person, a dwell-on-it person, an obsess-about-it person. If I hold things in and try to forget or pretend, I become a madman and have panic attacks. I have to talk.”



“If you’re listening to this, congratulations! You survived Doomsday.
I’d like to apologize straightaway for any inconvenience the end of the world may have caused you. The earthquakes, rebellions, riots,tornadoes, floods, tsunamis, and of course the giant snake who swallowed the sun—I’m afraid most of that was our fault. Carter and I decided we should at least explain how it happened.”



“Ah! Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans! I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit-flavored one, and since then I’m afraid I’ve rather lost my liking for them — but I think I’ll be safe with a nice toffee, don’t you?”
He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth.
“Alas! Ear wax!”



“Not going to walk me to the door?" I asked, pretending to be shocked at his lack of gallantry.
"Of course I am. many would think that a bonny lass such as yerself wouldst be able to stay out of trouble for a distance of fifteen feet, but I know better."
"Did you just use the words yerself and wouldst in the same sentence? You can't be a pirate and a courtier at the same time, Dev. It just isn't done.”



“I'm not into this whole "move with the times" thing. I reckon we should just decide on a year and stick with it.”

“I don't "lol". I tried it once but it just didn't agree with me.”

“To whomever swapped my tattoo cream for toothpaste........ well played.”

“Next time I want to do something nice, slap me.”

“Don't do it! Stay away from your potential. You'll mess it up, it's potential, leave it. Anyway, it's like your bank balance - you always have a lot less than you think.”

“I personally like being unique. I like being my own person with my own style and my own opinions and my own toothbrush.”




“A smell of burned hair and cotton wafted into the air as I spun toward my desk. There was a low whine from the desk and then smoke billowed out of my closed laptop.
I gaped.
My precious, perfectly brand new laptop I cherished like one would a small child.
Son of a mother…
Friend or not, it was so on”



“We started off trying to set up a small anarchist community, but people wouldn't obey the rules.”



“Is this what you do with your spare time?” he asked me, ignoring his sister.
“What—are you deciding to talk to me now?” Smiling tightly, I grabbed a handful of mulch and dumped it. Rinse and repeat. “Yeah, it’s kind of a hobby. What’s yours? Kicking puppies?”



“I think choosing between men and women is like choosing between cake and ice cream. You'd be daft not to try both when there are so many different flavors.”

“A joke is an epigram on the death of a feeling.”

“I had an uneventful few days," it told her. "The most exciting thing was an hour-long lecture from the headmaster on taking our studies seriously. He said next year's exam will arrive sooner than we think."
"No, they won't," Valkyrie said, frowning. "They'll arrive next year, exactly when we expect them."
"That's what I told him," the reflection nodded. "I don't think he's comfortable with logic, because he didn't look happy. He sent me to the Career Guidance counsellor, who asked me what I wanted to do after college."
Valkyrie stowed her black clothes. "What did you say?"
"I told her I wanted to be a Career Guidance counsellor. She started crying, then accused me of mocking her. I told her if she wasn't happy in her job then she should look at other options, then pointed out that I was already doing her job better than she was. She gave me detention.”



“The thing about changing the world... Once you do it, the world's all different.”



“If the apocalypse comes...beep me!”

“It may not feel too classy, begging just to eat
But you know who does that?
Lassie, and she always gets a treat
So you wonder what your part is
Because you're homeless and depressed But home is where the heart is
So your real home's in your chest
Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone's got villains they must face
They're not as cool as mine
But folks you know it's fine to know your place
Everyone's a hero in their own way
In their own not-that-heroic way
So I thank my girlfriend Penny
Yeah, we totally had sex
She showed me there's so many different muscles I can flex
There's the deltoids of compassion,
There's the abs of being kind
It's not enough to bash in heads
You've got to bash in minds
Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone's got something they can do Get up go out and fly
Especially that guy, he smells like poo
Everyone's a hero in their own way
You and you and mostly me and you
I'm poverty's new sheriff
And I'm bashing in the slums
A hero doesn't care if you're a bunch of scary alcoholic bums
Everybody!
Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone can blaze a hero's trail
Don't worry if it's hard
If you're not a friggin 'tard you will prevail
Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone's a hero in their...”



“I'm sorry,' said the shopkeeper. 'I can't understand your ridiculous accent.'
'My accent?'
'It is quite silly.'
'So you can't understand me?'
'Not a word.'
'Then how did you understand that?'
'I didn't.'
''You didn't understand what I just said?'
'That's right.'
'You understood that, though.'
'Not at all.'
The American glowered.”



“I mean to say, really, I am near to developing a neurosis - is there anyone around who doesn't want to study or kill me?"
Floote raised a tentative hand.
"Ah, yes, thank you, Floote."
"There is also Mrs Tunstell, madam," he offered hopefully, is if Ivy were some kind of consolation prize.
"I notice you don't mention my fair-weather husband."
"I suspect, at this moment, madam, he probably wants to kill you."
Alexia couldn't help smiling. "Good point.”



“Emergency Valve Regulators," she repeated. "So you do know what your doing?
"Not really," he said yanking another wire. 'I made up that term to keep you happy. I'm just pulling all the red wires because they're the pretty ones.”



“I didn't set fire to the building."
"No, but you did pull it into the river."
"That put the fire out!”



“Squinting she jutted a finger at the doctor. "You did use your mind control on me. When we met. You...brainwashed me just like the queen. You made me trust you"
"Be fair. You were attacking me with a wrench.”



“A Christian telling an atheist they're going to hell is as scary as a child telling an adult they're not getting any presents from Santa.”

“That craptastical, gutless, son-of-a-cactus-humping butt monkey!!”



“You sure you don't want me to bring you back something?" Her eyes moved in the direction of his office. "A hit man? Some holy water?”



“Love is a delicate plant that needs constant tending and nurturing, and this cannot be done by snorting at the adored object like a gas explosion and calling her friends lice.”



“The platform underneath the balloon fell on her as she was trying to escape," she explained. "She was crushed."
"I'd have been disappointed too.”



“Some battles don’t have a winner. Sometimes the best a good general can hope for is a ceasefire”



“I have a sack of hate mail that I want to respond to. One day, when I’m tired or tipsy, I will respond and tell them what I think.”

“Gaia visited her daughter Mnemosyne, who was busy being unpronounceable.”



“The two men looked at each other for a moment. Then Sonja's father nodded. And Ove nodded curtly back. And then they rose to their feet, objective and determined, in the way two men might behave if they had just agreed to go and kill a third man.”



“It's unwise to pay too much, but it's worse to pay too little. When
you pay too much, you lose a little money - that's all. When you pay
too little, you sometimes lose everything, because the thing you
bought was incapable of doing the thing it was bought to do. The
common law of business balance prohibits paying a little and getting a
lot - it can't be done. If you deal with the lowest bidder, it is well
to add something for the risk you run, and if you do that you will
have enough to pay for something better.”

“What, you egg?”



“Have you slept yet?'
'Sure. I took a power nap on the way over.'
'Didn't you drive there?'
'Yeah. Other drviers kept waking me up. Car horns should be illegal.'
- Charley & Cookie”



“This faulty light fitting at the front door with the dangerously flickering bulb looks rather festive. Who says I don't do Christmas?”

“Okay, this is the wisdom. First, time spent on reconnaissanse is never wasted. Second, almost anything can be improved with the addition of bacon. And finally, there is no problem on Earth that can't be ameliorated by a hot bath and a cup of tea.”




“There was a family joke that Lucy's first words were, "Nicholas is bugging me!”



“He wants as many victors as possible for the cameras to follow in the Capitol. Thinks it makes for better television."
"Are you and Beetee going?" I ask.
"As many young and attractive victors as possible," Haymitch corrects himself. "So, no. We'll be here.”



“They're saying that you and Sean Kendrick were burning up the cliffs." Tommy spins me again and grins at me. "And when I say you and Sean Kendrick, I mean you and Sean Kendrick. And by burning, I mean burning.”



“Shiny, let's be bad guys!”

“Life is serious but art is fun!”

“His fingers lightly grazed my cheek. "I didn't know you before. When you're not there, I can't concentrate. I'm wondering where you are, what you're doing...if you're there and I can see you, I can see you, I can focus. I know it's crazy, but that's how it is."
"And crazy is exactly the way I like it," I said, leaning up to kiss his lips.
"Obviously," America muttered under breath.”



“If I owned Texas and Hell, I would rent out Texas and live in Hell”

“Insomnia
I cannot get to sleep tonight.
I toss and turn and flop.
I try to count some fluffy sheep
while o'er a fence they hop.
I try to think of pleasant dreams
of places really cool.
I don't know why I cannot sleep -
I slept just fine at school.”

“So, great. This is Camp…what do you call it? Camp Fish-Blood?”
Aphros frowned. “I hope that was a joke. This is Camp __________.” He made a sound that was a series of sonar pings and hisses.”



“Mother,” Hyacinth said, pausing for slightly longer than normal to steal a bit of time to organize her thoughts, “I am not going to chase after Mr. St. Clair. He’s not at all the right sort of man for me.”
“I’m not certain you’d know the right sort of man for you if he arrived on our doorstep riding an elephant.”
“I would think the elephant would be a fairly good indication that I ought to look elsewhere.”



“Most writers regard the truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are economical in its use.”

“I'm not afraid of dying. I'm afraid I'll never get a chance to live!”



“My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.”

“This was supposed to be yesterday. I was sitting on the Cardiff/London train, supposedly about to write this very column, and realising something quite terrible. My head was entirely empty. A vast echoing void. Bigger on the inside, but with nothing in it. You could drop a pebble in my brain and wait for an hour to hear it land. No actually, you couldn't - that would be aggressive and unhelpful, so keep your damn pebbles to yourself.”

“It would be fun,” Skulduggery nodded. ”I like kicking Wreath in the face. I haven't had a chance to do it nearly as much as I'd like.”



“Go Ahead, call me all the names you want," Sansa said airily. "You won't dare when I'm married to Joffrey. You'll have to bow and call me Your Grace." She shrieked as Arya flung the orange across the table. It caught her in the middle of the forehead with a wet squish and plopped down into her lap.
"You have juice on your face, Your Grace ," Arya said.”



“I've learned one thing: you can only really get to know a person after a row. Only then can you judge their true character!”



“
Rhett:
If you've made up your mind to impale someone, do it with conviction.”



“Edward lives as if there is no tomorrow, Richard as if he wants no tomorrow, and George as though someone should give it to him for free.”



“You accused me of murder. Do you make a habit of bringing schoolgirls into an interview room with murder suspects?'
He waved his hand. 'Oh, I was only joking about that. I don't really think you murdered someone. Unless you did, in which case I reserve the right to say I knew it all along.”



“Now you're just being silly. He's a mercenary- he's not going to go about penning love letters, and really, what would he write? 'Anna...love you...grrr?'" Olivia to Annalia”



“I shall never have a bath again," I said.
"Just dont have one too often," my grandmother said. "Once a month is quite enough for a sensible child." It was at times like these that I loved my grandmother more than ever.”

“The matter with human beans," the BFG went on, "is that they is absolutely refusing to believe in anything unless they is actually seeing it right in front of their own schnozzles.”



“Sorry. i just can't seem to help myself. My brain is freaking out. Two predawn mornings in a row. It doesn't know what to think, how to act. I'll have a talk with it later. Perhaps get it some counseling.”



“Jeremy tried to be an interesting person. The trouble was that he was the kind of person who, having decided to be an interesting person, would first of all try to find a book called How to Be An Interesting Person and then see whether there were any courses available.”



“I don’t think I have the right parts to appreciate '50 Shades of Grey'.”

“He'd died. Plain and simple. And it pissed him off. Left him frustrated and disappointed. Where had all , the guardian angel crap they'd fed him in catechism gone to? He'd seen no angels, seraphim, archangels or pearly gates. No one to show him the ropes now that he was dead. What the hell was he supposed to do?”



“I am unable to believe in a God susceptible to prayer. I simply haven't the nerve to imagine a being, a force, a cause which keeps the planets revolving in their orbits, and then suddenly stops in order to give me a bicycle with three speeds.”

“Percy looked at his friends. "I'm getting tired of this guy's shirt."
"Combat time?" Piper grabbed her horn of plenty.
"I hate wonder bread," Jason said.
Together, they charged.”

“Knock yourself out... Or rather, don't.”




“You ride as a man, fight as a man, and you think as a man-"
"I think as a human being," she retorted hotly. "Men don't think any differently from women- they just make more noise about being able to.”



“Mother, who has an absolute belief that it is not the cards that one is dealt in life, it is how one plays them, is, by far, the highest card I was dealt.”



“If it weren’t for physics and law enforcement, I’d be unstoppable.”



“It smells terrible in here.'
Well, what do you expect? The human body, when confined, produces certain odors which we tend to forget in this age of deodorants and other perversions. Actually, I find the atmosphere of this room rather comforting. Schiller needed the scent of apples rotting in his desk in order to write. I, too, have my needs. You may remember that Mark Twain preferred to lie supinely in bed while composing those rather dated and boring efforts which contemporary scholars try to prove meaningful. Veneration of Mark Twain is one of the roots of our current intellectual stalemate.”



“So here were the facts: I felt possessive of her. Not in a romantic sort of way, but in a "hit her over the head, drag her off by the hair, and fuck her" way. Like she was my toy and I was keeping the other boys in the sandbox from playing with her. How sick was that? If she ever heard me admit to that, she would cut off my balls and feed them to me.”



“And what lesson can we draw from Volantene history?”
“If you want to conquer the world, you best have dragons.”



“More of your conversation would infect my brain.”



“I think people would live a bit longer if they didn't know how old they were. Age puts restrictions on things.”

“I have a head for business and a body for sin. Unfortunately, the sin appears to be gluttony.”



“Angelina leaned forward as Sara pulled Miki back to her, "You know what they say about curiosity? That it stabbed the annoying biker girl over and over and over again until she spit up blood.”



“This was the tricky bit. The really tricky bit, trickiness cubed.”



“When danger reared its ugly head,
He bravely turned his tail and fled.”



“If I'm out of my mind, it's all right with me, thought Moses Herzog.”



“He awoke at six, as usual. He needed no alarm clock. He was already comprehensively alarmed.”



“I know the human being and fish can co-exist peacefully.”

“I'm Cinderella. No, I'm better than Cinderella, because she only got the prince, didn't she? I'm Cinderella with fab teeth and a shit-hot job.”



“No one messes around with a nerd’s computer and escapes unscathed.”



“If you tell me I'm sensible in addition to normal and wise, I'm going to punch you in the stomach.”



“He had then warned his daughter not to violate the Eleventh Commandment.
"Which one is that?" I asked her.
"Do not bullshit thy father," she said.”



“They said I was a valued customer, now they send me hate mail.”



“I don't like you two going off on you won. Just remember: behave. If I hear about any funny business, I will ground you until the Styx freezes over.”



“He punched me in the face," Ash said, who understandably did not seem to find the situation humorous at all. "And then he yelled at me for sleeping with our personal trainer!"
"I was told breakup scenes were a good way to distract people," Jared said with beautiful simplicity.
"Ash looked so surprised," Holly said. "He had no idea what was going on. He said, 'I didn't sleep with our personal trainer! We don't even have a personal trainer!'"
Angela and Holly giggled. Ash held the back of his hand to his bleeding mouth and glared.
Jared was still grinning like a maniac. "In that case," he told Ash solemnly, "I will consider taking you back.”



“Gideon laughed. "I like to be direct."
"Okay," I said. "But I warn you, I like to be evasive, inserutable and generally send mixed messages."
"I doubt it."
"Human interaction is not my strong point," I told him.
"Not seriously."
"Seriously," I said. Thinking: There is so much about me he doesn't know.
Gideon put his hand on my leg. "What's your strong point, then?"
"Goats," I told him. "I am excellent with goats.”



“Now wait a second..." Kenneth butted in.
"Yeah, we haven't asked you the questions yet," Brandon finished for Kenneth.
"Yeah, like what are your intentions toward our little Ryan," Patrick added, smirking.
"What do you do for a living?" Brandon added.
"Can you support Ryan's shoe fetish?" Kenneth threw his question in too.
"Hmm, okay, here are my answers. I plan on feeding him, dancing with him and God willing fucking him until he can't walk straight. I help infertile chickens have baby chickens, and I think so. I'm hoping his feet are about my size. We can share shoes and everything," Phillip answered.”



“I demoted him from The Best Man Ever to just The Best Man I’d Ever Met. Superman would have charged out (hell, he’d have flown) to get Lois Lane cookies. I was pretty sure of it.”



“Our problems started in Dallas, when the fire-breathing sheep destroyed the King Tut exhibit.”



“Wow, top five percent of your class at Northwestern. Nice!" Joel said and then looked over at me. "Bet you're glad to have someone so amazing working under you, huh?"
Chloe coughed slightly, bringing her napkin up from her lap to cover her mouth. I smiled as I quickly glanced over to her and then back to Joel. "Yes, its absolutely amazing having Miss Mills under me. She always gets the job done.”



“Anyone who says "Trust me" is the last motherfucker you should ever trust.”

“Fine, but if you get yourself killed I reserve the right to flush your ashes down the toilet while I sing the theme from Titanic.”



“Oh, I love hugging. I wish I was an octopus, so I could hug 10 people at a time!”

“I also felt that Ron and Hermione would have gotten divorced. I'm sorry, I just do. The end of Harry Potter did feel ultimately to me...just the fact everybody had married everybody. The books were so real and so grounded in what things are really like when you're that age, she nailed that so beautifully. And then there was this slightly fantastical ending. I know that was there for her to say, 'Really, I mean it, no more books,' but you do sort of go, people who were in a war are different from people who haven't been, and how does it affect them? But am I going to second-guess my favorite writer? I think not.”

“In life, more than in anything else, it isn’t easy to end up alive.”

“My aunt and overprivileged cousin only recognize two states of being: glitter and grunge. And if you weren’t glitter, well, that only left one other option.”




“Is that it?”
“No. That’s a wall.”
“It could be disguised.”
“You’re not very good at looking for things, are you?”
“I’m good at looking for walls. Look, I found another one.”



“It is the most fun I’m ever going to have. I love to write. I love it. I mean, there’s nothing in the world I like better, and that includes sex, probably because I’m so very bad at it. It’s the greatest peace when I’m in a scene, and it’s just me and the character, that’s it, that’s where I want to live my life.”

“Learn to drive?"
"Never," said Quentin. "My mission in life is to be a passenger.”



“The only difference between the Democrats and the Republicans is that the Democrats allow the poor to be corrupt, too.”

“This may be my only chance to see humans before these two are made into fertilizer for Moonwind's rosebushes.”



“You do know you could find yourself charged with being a dominant species while under the influence of impulse-driven consumerism, don't you?”



“Her lips full and inviting, she has an infectious laugh and glassy cackle in her eyes, and a 2000 volt sexual charisma that beckons me like a fluff girl on scuffed knees.”

“Of course I want to kill you," said Skulduggery. "I want to kill most people. But then where would I be? In a field of dead people with no one to talk to.”



“Will I have to use a dictionary to read your book?" asked Mrs. Dodypol. "It depends," says I, "how much you used the dictionary before you read it.”



“The Brigands charged in with their weapons drawn.
"Who are you?" Young Bertie asked.
"We're the bad guys!" their leader announced.
"What are you going to do?"
"Plunder and pillage!" one of them yelled.
The others immediately shoved him. "Not in front of the kid, Ralph! Fer cryin' out loud..."
"Oh, yeah. Sorry! We're here to take your candy!”



“A few years ago it dawned on me that everybody past a certain age ... pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives. They don't want to be who they are any more. They want out. This list includes Thurston Howell the Third, Ann-Margret, the cat members of Rent, Václav Havel, space shuttle astronauts and Snuffleupagus. It's universal.”



“The Bible doesn’t tell us exactly why God wasn’t satisfied with the fruits and veggies Cain offered up. Maybe he kept the juiciest peaches and sweetest mangoes for himself and offered God nothing but brussels sprouts and spinach.”



“Note for Americans and other aliens: Milton Keynes is a new city approximately halfway between London and Birmingham. It was built to be modern, efficient, healthy, and, all in all, a pleasant place to live. Many Britons find this amusing.”



“Leave any problem alone for long enough and it will solve itself.”

“Sam's phone buzzed. She fished it out of her pocket, checked the screen, and cursed. "I have to go."
"You just got here."
"Valkyrie business. Possible code three-eight-one: heroic death in progress."
"You're making that up."
"I'm not."
"So...what, somebody thinks they're about to die and they text you 'Going down! Need Valkyrie ASAP!' followed by a bunch of sad-face emojis?”



“Idiots emit bogons, causing machinery to malfunction in their presence. System administrators absorb bogons, letting machinery work again.”



“We can do this the easy way,' Oblivious snarled. 'Or the hard way.'
'What's the easy way?'
'You leave immediately.'
'And what's the hard way?'
'We make you leave.'
Skulduggery's head tilted. 'What was the easy way again?”



“Have you killed anyone?” she asked quickly.
“What? Did you miss what I said, about turning murder into
an art form?”
“But you haven’t actually killed anyone yet, have you? I read
your file.”
He glowered. “Technically, yeah, all right, maybe I haven’t”



“This is the most I have ever been in the sewers in one place. If someone had said to me a month ago, 'Hey, Jackal, guess where you'll be spending most of your time in New Covington? Ankle-deep in shit!' I would've ripped their lips off.”



“Nothing spoils romance so much as a sense of humor in the woman”



“There's nothing deeper than love. In fairy tales, the princesses kiss the frogs, and the frogs become princes. In real life,the princesses kiss princes, and the princes turn into frogs.”



“Whatever, crazy chick who maybe lives here and maybe also breaks into Michael's house when they're all gone. I'm out. Have a nice delusion. -Shayne”



“Have I missed a national holiday? There must be celebrations in the streets for you to be home at this hour of the day."
"I'm calling it Summerset Goes Mute Day. The city's gone mad with joy.”



“Augustus Waters was a self-aggrandizing bastard. But we forgive him. We forgive him not because he had a heart as figuratively good as his literal one sucked, or because he knew more about how to hold a cigarette than any nonsmoker in history, or because he got eighteen years when he should've gotten more."
"Seventeen," Gus corrected.
"I'm assuming you've got some time, you interrupting bastard.
"I'm telling you," Isaac continued, "Augustus Waters talked so much that he'd interrupt you at his own funeral. And he was pretentious: Sweet Jesus Christ, that kid never took a piss without pondering the abundant metaphorical resonances of human waste production. And he was vain: I do not believe I have ever met a more physically attractive person who was more acutely aware of his own physical attractiveness.
"But I will say this: When the scientists of the future show up at my house with robot eyes and they tell me to try them on, I will tell the scientists to screw off, because I do not want to see a world without him." [...]
"And then, having made my rhetorical point, I will put my robot eyes on, because I mean, with robot eyes you can probably see through girls’ shirts and stuff. Augustus, my friend, Godspeed."
Augustus nodded for a while, his lips pursed, and then gave Isaac a thumbs-up. After he'd recovered his composure, he added, "I would cut the bit about seeing through girls' shirts."
Isaac was still clinging to the lectern. He started to cry. He pressed his forehead down to the podium and I watched his shoulders shake, and then finally, he said, "Goddamn it, Augustus, editing your own eulogy.”



“Could you please put this--could you all put these--could you get dressed, please?"
The woman only bestowed a serene smile on me. "We are as the Goddess requires."
"The Goddess requires you to be naked on my lawn?”



“Today I plan to smile a lot, only so people who know me will be freaked the fuck out.”

“The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive.”

“But who wants to be foretold the weather? It is bad enough when it comes, without our having the misery of knowing about it beforehand.”




“I took a deep breath. "I'm sorry I lied, I like your Star Wars sheets, you're not that bad of a driver, and I swear on my Very Cherry lip gloss that I will never lie to you again.”



“One of the disadvantages of almost universal education was the fact that all kinds of persons acquired a familiarity with one's favorite writers. It gave one a curious feeling; it was like seeing a drunken stranger wrapped in one's dressing gown.”



“I told myself that it took forty-two facial muscles to frown and only four to stretch out my arm and bitch-slap the witch.”



“I blame Doctor Who. Mr Spock. The Scooby Gang: both the ones in the Mystery Machine and the ones with the stakes. I've spent my life with stories of people who don't walk away, who go back for their friends, who make that last stand. I've been brainwashed by Samwise Gamgee.”



“Cheer up everyone," he said, a new brightness to his voice. "Since we’re all going to die horribly anyway, what’s there to be worried about?”



“Everywhere's been where it is ever since it was first put there. It's called geography.”



“CUSTOMER: I don’t know why she wants it, but my wife asked for a copy of The Dinosaur Cookbook.
BOOKSELLER: The Dinah Shore Cookbook?”



“He's turned his life around. He used to be depressed and miserable. Now he's miserable and depressed.”

“For 3 million you could give everyone in Scotland a shovel, and we could dig a hole so deep we could hand her over to Satan in person. (on Margaret Thatcher)”

“I know what kind of man it takes to get involved with something as barbarous as human trafficking.”
“I get it, Swopes. He’s not the kind of man you take home to meet your
stepmom.” I rethought that. “Wait a minute. Maybe my stepmom would like to meet him. Do you think he ships to Istanbul?”



“First, I blow a hole in your face; then I go back inside, and sleep like a baby... I guarantee you.”

“When she emerged, Keith was watching the tiny round window of the under-the-counter washing machine.
"Put your clothes in for a wash," he said. "They were disgusting."
Ginny always thought that the only way of getting clothes clean was by drowning them in scalding water and then whipping them around in a violent centrifugal motion that caused the entire washing machine to vibrate and the floor to shake. You beat them clean. You made them suffer. This machine used about half a cup of water and was about as violent as a toaster, plus it stopped every few minutes, as if it were exhausted from the effort of turning itself.
Sluff, sluff, sluff sluff. Rest. Rest. Rest.
Click.
Sluff, sluff, sluff, sluff. Rest. Rest. Rest.
"Who thought to put a window on a washing machine?" Keith asked. "Does anyone just sit and watch their wash?"
You mean, besides us?"
"Well," he said, "yeah. Is there any coffee?”



“Charm is often despised but I can never see why. No one has it who isn't capable of genuinely liking others, at least at the actual moment of meeting and speaking. Charm is always genuine; it may be superficial but it isn't false.”



“He took her hand in his and knelt before her. Valkyrie looked at him. He was serious. (...)'Dude, I'm sixteen.'
'I love you.'
'That doesn't make me any older. Stand up.'
'Not until you say yes.'
'You're going to shuffle around on your knees for the rest of your life? Stand up, for God's sake.'
'Be my wife.'
'Shut the hell up.”



“The waiter approached.
'Would you like to see the menu?' he said. 'Or would you like to meet the Dish of the Day?'
'Huh?' said Ford.
'Huh?' said Arthur.
'Huh?' said Trillian.
'That’s cool,' said Zaphod. 'We'll meet the meat.”



“People throw stones at you and you convert them into milestones.”

“A horse loves freedom, and the weariest old work horse will roll on the ground or break into a lumbering gallop when he is turned loose into the open.”

“Gomst's mouth framed a 'no', but every other muscle in him said 'yes'. You'd think priests would be better liars, what with their jobs and all.”



“CUSTOMER (to her friend): What's this literary criticism section? Is it for books that complain about other books?”



“Putting a damp spoon back in the bowl is the tea-drinking equivalent of sharing a needle. And I did
not
want to end up with the tea-drinking equivalent of AIDS.”



“He hated being filled with terror. It was embarrassing.”



“I believe in myself like a five-year-old believes in himself. They say look at me, look at me! Then they do a flip in the backyard. It won't even be that amazing, but everyone will be clapping for them.”

“One of the poets, whose name I cannot recall, has a passage, which I am unable at the moment to remember, in one of his works, which for the time being has slipped my mind, which hits off admirably this age-old situation.”

“Torture?” she asked with a laugh. “My first piece of information I’ll divulge to you? I wouldn’t recommend trying to torture me. I dislike it and grow sulky under pincers. It’s a fault.”



“.« Nik has obviously spoken to Nat about my candy preferences.
Written in raspberry bullets is ‘I’m sorry’.
Written in green apple jellybeans is ‘I miss you’.
Written in cherry jellybeans is ‘I love you’.
My heart skips a beat at the last line.
Written in gummy bears is ‘Marry me’.
Did Nik just propose using candy?
Why, yes, brain. Yes, he did. »”



“She'd proven to be one of the most aggravating people I'd ever met. Unfortunately for me, she was also the best sex I'd ever had.
Fuck, he'd better never get that far. I wasn't sure I knew where to hide a body around here.”



“LORD ILLINGWORTH: The soul is born old but grows young. That is the comedy of life.
MRS ALLONBY: And the body is born young and grows old. That is life's tragedy.”



“Satan to Jesus: Well, I see someone has a bad case of the hangries. You might want to consider using your godly powers to turn these desert rocks into loaves of bread. Maybe if you engage in some serious carb-loading, you’ll regain what little sense of humor you had before you started this ridiculous hunger strike.”



“Don't look back!"
"Why not?"
"Because I just did! Run faster!”




“Humor is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility.”

“Can't you see that I'm only advising you to beg yourself not to be so dumb?”



“They desecrate Riora’s sacred temple! She will be enraged.”
“Oh, gods, look at the marble. We are all beyond doomed.”
“Somebody put a plant in front of it!”



“I believe that every human has a finite amount of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine running around doing exercises.”

“I can’t fuck your life, I’m monogamously fucking my own life.”



“Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other.”

“I wasn't saying whatever they're saying I was saying. I'm sorry I said it really. I never meant it to be a lousy anti-religious thing. I apologize if that will make you happy. I still don't know quite what I've done. I've tried to tell you what I did do but if you want me to apologize, if that will make you happy, then OK, I'm sorry.”

“Aragorn: Gentlemen! We do not stop 'til nightfall.
Pippin: But what about breakfast?
Aragorn: You've already had it.
Pippin: We've had one, yes. But what about second breakfast?
[Aragorn stares at him, then walks off.]
Merry: Don't think he knows about second breakfast, Pip.
Pippin: What about elevensies? Luncheon? Afternoon tea? Dinner? Supper? He knows about them, doesn't he?
Merry: I wouldn't count on it Pip.”

“D'you think he would have thought ahead like that?" said Henry.
"Assuredly," said Will. "The man's a strategist." He tapped his temple. "Like me.”



“These things sneak up on him for no reason, these flashes of irrational happiness. It's probably a vitamin deficiency.”



“I’m not aspiring to be someone else – If I’m me for the rest of my life then so be it”



“Could be. I’m a pretty dangerous dude when I’m cornered.”
“Yeah,” said the voice from under the table, “you go to pieces so fast people get hit by the shrapnel.”



“It comes in pints?”

“Rockabye Baby, in the treetop
Dont you know a treetop
is no safe place to rock?
And who put you up there,
and your cradle too?
Baby,
I think someone down here
has got it in for you!”

“Are you kidding? He's arrogant, sarcastic, likes to intimidate people, and—oh." Okay. Maybe she had a point.”



“No bikinis on a first date.” He nods. “I’m sure that’s a rule. Or should be. For my sisters anyway.”



“You cannot be truly humble, unless you truly believe that life can and will go on without you.”

“Paperwork wouldn’t be so bad if it weren’t for all the paper. And the work.”



“The world is full of magic. You’ve just got to learn how to access it.”



“Does it give you déjà voodoo how alike the houses are?"
"That's déjà vu, and I hate you right now”



“I don't know the rules of grammar. If you're trying to persuade people to do something, or buy something, it seems to me you should use their language.”

“Wherever I am, there's always Pooh,
There's always Pooh and Me.
Whatever I do, he wants to do,
"Where are you going today?" says Pooh:
"Well, that's very odd 'cos I was too.
Let's go together," says Pooh, says he.
"Let's go together," says Pooh.”



“Soul: As a cool guy, I'm used to seeing naked women.
Blair: That explains the nosebleed”



“1. You left a multipack of Mars Bars on top of your wardrobe. Can I have one? Dad x
2. I had three. Hope that's OK. Dad x
3. I'm just going to have one more. Dad x
4. Harriet, your Dad's made himself sick on an entire multipack of Mars Bars again. Please don't leave sweets where we can find them. A x”



“Momentarily forgetting how wind works, Lex tried spitting at him. This failed”



“Yes, an actual full-sized camel. If you find that confusing, just think how the criosphinx must have felt.
Where did the camel come from, you ask? I may have mentioned Walt’s collection of amulets. Two of them summoned disgusting camels. I’d
met them before, so I was less than excited when a ton of dromedary flesh flew across my line of sight, plowed into the sphinx, and collapsed on top
of it. The sphinx growled in outrage as it tried to free itself. The camel grunted and farted.
“Hindenburg,” I said. Only one camel could possibly fart that badly. “Walt, why in the world—?”
“Sorry!” he yelled. “Wrong amulet!”
The technique worked, at any rate. The camel wasn’t much of a fighter, but it was quite heavy and clumsy. The criosphinx snarled and clawed
at the floor, trying unsuccessfully to push the camel off; but Hindenburg just splayed his legs, made alarmed honking sounds, and let loose gas.
I moved to Walt’s side and tried to get my bearings.”



“Let me go!" She tore off a mirror and brandished it in his face. "I mean it! I don't want to go to your godforsaken hellbarn, you retarded psycho farmer!”



“Something tells me we're not in Kansas anymore"
"You did not just say that”



“He can’t ground her if he’s already killed her,” I pointed out when Juliana quoted this to me. “Well, he can, but it wouldn’t have the same impact.”



“Democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the others.”

“Said Hamlet to Ophelia,
I'll draw a sketch of thee.
What kind of pencil shall I use?
2B or not 2B?”

“You hit me again," I said, growing oddly annoyed.
"Ya think?" Evil Riggs said. Smart-ass.
"Part of my brain hurts. I demand to know what that part of my brain is called and what its job is.”




“Each time I see the Upside-Down Man
Standing in the water,
I look at him and start to laugh,
Although I shouldn't oughtter.
For maybe in another world
Another time
Another town,
Maybe HE is right side up
And I am upside down”

“Seduction is merely encouraging a man to do something he already wants to do.”



“Because 'You're perfect just the way you are,' is what your guidance counselor says. And she's an alcoholic.”



“Stop smiling. Every time you smile, an angel dies.”



“Look at all the things that can go wrong for men. There’s the nothing-happening-at-all problem, the too-much-happening-too-soon problem, the dismal-droop-after-a-promising-beginning problem; there’s the size-doesn’t-matter-except-in-my-case problem, the failing-to-deliver-the-goods problem…and what do women have to worry about? A handful of cellulite? Join the club. A spot of I-wonder-how-I-rank? Ditto.”



“Dios mio, I think my brother lost his balls somewhere between here and Mexico. Or maybe Brittany has them zipped inside that fancy purse (of hers).”



“I guess I like things that take time and attention. More worthwhile that way.”



“Mmmmmm
I like that thing you do with your tongue. What do you call it? Speaking? Yeah, I dig it”



“I mean, if you're asking a fellow to come out of a room so that you can dismember him with a carving knife, it's absurd to tack a 'sir' on to every sentence. The two things don't go together.”



“Marines either know how to use an iron or they get married [...]. The iron is less dangerous.”



“Inside he was hurt. Not so much with Linda, but his failure to impress women generally with his abilities. There she was, an example: lending – no, giving –thirty thousand pounds to a smooth-talking old bastard, but she would not part with a penny to him after living with him for a year or more.”



“When you've been around as long as me, Lucy, you'll know that there are three types of sex... One - brand-new, kitchen-table sex. Two - bedroom sex. Then number three - hallway sex, when you pass each other in the hallway and say 'Fuck you.'" - Lockie”



“Rachael, I don’t think this is a very good idea.” Adam tried to protest and break away, but it was too late. She had a good hold on him by now, and he was going nowhere.
“Not bad for a little man like you,” she said. “There seems to be something different about you lately.” Rachael smiled.”



“I, being born a woman and distressed
By all the needs and notions of my kind,
Am urged by your propinquity to find
Your person fair, and feel a certain zest
To bear your body's weight upon my breast;
So subtly is the fume of life designed,
To clarify the pulse and cloud the mind,
And leave me once again undone, possessed.
Think not for this, however, the poor treason
Of my stout blood against my staggering brain,
I shall remember you with love, or season
My scorn with pity, - let me make it plain:
I find this frenzy insufficient reason
For conversation when we meet again.”

“Some people just need a high-five. In the face. With my knives.”



“Some guys step on a rake in the dark, and get mad and go punch somebody. Others step on a rake in the dark and fall down laughing at themselves. I know which kind of guy I'd rather be. So do my friends.”



“Do you know what I think about crying? I think some people have to learn to do it. But once you learn, once you know how to really cry, there's nothing quite like it. I feel sorry for those who don't know the trick. It's like whistling or singing.”



“It was absolutely necessary to interrupt him now. ”



“Not that my regularly scheduled life was so great, but it beat getting judged unworthy by twelve bearded guys named Erik.”



“She's always getting into trouble because she gets bored really really easily. [...]
My mum
says it's because Celia has an attention span the size of a sesame seed.
Celia's mum
says it's because Celia's identity is unfurling itself slowly, like a tulip bud, and it's a breathtakingly beautiful thing to see.”



“You may look normal like everyone else, but you're not. Not on the inside.”



“Gracious ignored him. "A farmer's daughter, she was, though back then every girl was a farmer's daughter. Or a farmer. She had long hair like rope, and a nose. All her eyes were blue and she had a smile like a radiant hole in the ground, with teeth. God, she was beautiful."
"She sounds terrifying," said Donegan.
"Hush, you. I will hear no bad word spoken of your sister.”



“Never did she find anything so difficult as to keep herself from losing her temper when she was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book.”



“Yves. You are goint to love him all over again when you meet him, believe me. You're married.'
'I'm what? But I can't be more than eighteen!'
'My son is very persuasive,' said Saul proudly.”



“Self-awareness is like an onion. There are multiple layers to it, and the more you peel them back, the more likely you're going to start crying at an inappropriate time.”



“Charlie said your friend’s disappeared,” chirped Wendy.
“No, he hasn’t.” Adam denied it. “He’s in the house. Now, look, what’s all this you’ve been telling them?”
“Nothing, I haven’t told them anything.” Charlie looked drunk.
“He said you’ve turned your friend into a crayfish,” insisted Wendy.
“He’s always making little jokes like that, and you fell for it. How am I supposed to do that, for heaven’s sake?” Adam was angry.
“With your little book you found. What’s that under your arm?”



“It all comes down to a choice. Either choose a life separate from God, which comes with the worry that things can fall apart at any moment, or follow the Lord and enjoy extraordinary confidence in knowing you can achieve greatness and will have the happiest of endings.”



“I am an artist you know ... it is my right to be odd.”




“YOU are the big drop of dew under the lotus leaf,
I am the smaller one on its upper side,'
said the dewdrop to the lake.”

“Pushing magic toward the candle, I willed it to light. Nothing happened.
Irys made a strangled sound and the candle burned. “Are you directing your magic to the candle?”
“Yes. Why?”
“You just ordered me to light the candle for you,” Irys said in exasperation. “And
I
did it.”



“You dress her in a wet T-shirt and make her carry the bags? Damn, Cade, I like how you roll" - Rok”



“At least Kyle wasn't home. That would be a hard one to explain to his new roomate. Nobody liked a guy who kept blood in the fridge.”



“Neither of the two people in the room paid any attention to the way I came in, although only one of them was dead.”



“He is really not so ugly after all, provided, of course, that one shuts one's eyes, and does not look at him.”



“A good friend will come and bail you out of jail, but a best friend will be sitting next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'!”



“Did you ever hear one of those corny, positive messages on someone's answering machine? 'Hi, it's a great day and I'm out enjoying it right now. I hope you are too. The thought for the day is share the love. Beep.' 'Uh, yeah, this is the VD clinic… speaking of being positive, your test is back. Stop sharing the love.”

“One day, maybe not in the next few weeks, but certainly in the conceivable future, someone will be able to refer to me without using the word 'arse' somewhere in the sentence. ”



“Can I request another peer guide, One who isn't so happy to be at school at 7:30 a.m.?”



“People who smile while they are alone used to be called insane, until we invented smartphones and social media.”

“Sadly, I hate foreigners. And Americans. And animals. And flora, and some fauna. Also the magma that is the very core of this our mother earth. I'm full o' hate!”

“A politician is someone who promises a bridge even when there's no water”



“What a beautiful day to go to hell”



“He’s my cat! He’s not God’s cat! Let God have his own cat! Let God have all the damn old cats He wants, and kill them all! Church is mine!”



“I make jokes about it, but it's the truth that I kind of patterned my look after the town tramp. I didn't know what she was, just this woman who was blond and piled her hair up, wore high heels and tight skirts, and, boy, she was the prettiest thing I'd ever seen. Momma used to say, "Aw, she's just trash," and I thought, That's what I want to be when I grow up. Trash.”

“I was so attracted to him I could have peed myself right there on the spot, but I hadn't done anything like that in a while. I was older now, and harnessed my feelings in moments like these by opening and closing my fists very rapidly.”



“I’m currently unsupervised
It frisks me out too but the possibilities are endless”



“Pretty much I would let Gemma know
that she is a fat cunt
and, um the shoes that she gave me were
not something that I would particularly
buy for myself.
They were old maiden type of shoes, and
she said that those shoes were meant to
be worn on a beautiful woman
So if that is the case she should have put
them back on the rack and she should
never even purchased them because she
was UNQUALIFIED to own those shoes if
that's the case
and, um I think that Gemma is just a
disgrace. She's a disgrace to women who are
actually beautiful and classy and, um she
just doesn't have the vernacular she
thinks she possesses
Somebody lied to her several times and
told her that she was fly, hot and sexy
and beautiful and she's nothing like that
She's nothing of the sort”

“Girls like you want to cut guy's nuts off and hang 'em from your rearview mirror.”

“What in the blue star-blazes did you see in Jason?" he asked, still forcefully but with his frustration and jealousy under better control.
"For one thing, Djetth, he wasn't trying to kill me!"
("Marsh", heroine of Insufficient Mating Material)
”



“Very often the test of one's allegiance to a cause or to a people is precisely the willingness to stay the course when things are boring, to run the risk of repeating an old argument just one more time, or of going one more round with a hostile or (much worse) indifferent audience. I first became involved with the Czech opposition in 1968 when it was an intoxicating and celebrated cause. Then, during the depressing 1970s and 1980s I was a member of a routine committee that tried with limited success to help the reduced forces of Czech dissent to stay nourished (and published). The most pregnant moment of that commitment was one that I managed to miss at the time: I passed an afternoon with Zdenek Mlynar, exiled former secretary of the Czech Communist Party, who in the bleak early 1950s in Moscow had formed a friendship with a young Russian militant with an evident sense of irony named Mikhail Sergeyevitch Gorbachev. In 1988 I was arrested in Prague for attending a meeting of one of Vaclav Havel's 'Charter 77' committees. That outwardly exciting experience was interesting precisely because of its almost Zen-like tedium. I had gone to Prague determined to be the first visiting writer not to make use of the name Franz Kafka, but the numbing bureaucracy got the better of me. When I asked why I was being detained, I was told that I had no need to know the reason! Totalitarianism is itself a cliché (as well as a
tundra
of pulverizing boredom) and it forced the cliché upon me in turn. I did have to mention Kafka in my eventual story. The regime fell not very much later, as I had slightly foreseen in that same piece that it would. (I had happened to notice that the young Czechs arrested with us were not at all frightened by the police, as their older mentors had been and still were, and also that the police themselves were almost fatigued by their job. This was totalitarianism practically yawning itself to death.) A couple of years after that I was overcome to be invited to an official reception in Prague, to thank those who had been consistent friends through the stultifying years of what 'The Party' had so perfectly termed 'normalization.' As with my tiny moment with Nelson Mandela, a whole historic stretch of nothingness and depression, combined with the long and deep insult of having to be pushed around by boring and mediocre people, could be at least partially canceled and annealed by one flash of humor and charm and generosity.”



“Did you catch the time-of-great-suffering thing?”
Her expression softened. “Can you just make sure I’m not around when it happens?”
“No can do,” I said, strolling back to my office with a negating wave of my hand. “If I have to suffer, then so does everyone else within a ten-mile radius.”
She pursed her lips. “What ever happened to taking one for the team?”
“Was never much of a team player.”
“Sacrificing yourself for the greater good?”
“Not that into human sacrifice.”
“Suffering in silence?”
I stopped and turned back to her, my eyes narrowing accusingly. “If I have to suffer, I’ll be screaming your name at the top of my lungs the whole time. You’ll be able to hear me all the way to Jersey, mark my words.”
- Charley to Cookie”



“It was said that life was cheap in Ankh-Morpork. This was of course, completely wrong. Life was often very expensive; you could get death for free.”



“He says that it is good luck to rub the head of a dwarf,” Haldon said after an exchange with the guard in his own tongue.
Tyrion forced himself to smile at the man. “Tell him that it is even better luck to suck on a dwarf’s cock.”



“Please just admit it," said Valkyrie. "You're going to miss me, aren't you?"
"Obviously," said Skulduggery.
"Thank you."
"Like a drowning man misses the land."
"A w w w..."
"Like a hesitant man misses the chance."
"Yeah..."
"Like an oblivious man misses the point."
"I have a feeling you're mocking me somehow, but I can't put my finger on how.”



“I have a sneaking suspicion that you’re not 100% committed to your Oreo diet.”



“Leo got up and brushed himself off. "I hate that guy". He offered Jason his arm like they should go skipping together."I`m Dylan. I`m so cool, I want to date myself, but I can`t figure out how! You want to date me instead? You`re so lucky!"
"Leo" Jason said "You`re weird”



“Well, who doesn't love a good mpreg?"
"A what?"
"Sim gets man-pregnant? Gives birth to twins during a tornado?"
"I'll pretend I never heard that."
"Here, I'll read you the wedding one -"
"NO.”



“Well I won't argue about the matter. You always want to argue about things.
That is exactly what things were originally made for.”




“I'd blow someone for a valium," I said in Jacob's ear.
"Maybe he's got one... but try offering a hand-job first so you retain some leverage.”



“Actually, I am a failed anorexic. I have anorexic thinking, but I can't seem to muster the behavoir”



“That money talks, I'll not deny, I heard it once: it said, 'goodbye”

“What would friendship entail?
Well, on Wednesdays, we sacrifice a cat to Satan”



“I shot him a look. "That bouncer was really big."
His lips quirked. "Oh, Kitten, see, I try not to say bad things."
"What?"
The grin spread. "I would say size doesn't matter but it does. I would know." he winked, and I let out a disgusted groan. He laughed.”



“While she could hardly fathom what had just happened to her that night, she reached some conclusions before she fell asleep, certain things now made perfect sense; Moon River didn’t sound so syrupy, mistletoe wasn’t such a bad idea, and perhaps dating was not such a frivolous waste of time after all.”



“You mean that because I have no name I cannot die and that you cannot be held answerable for death even if you kill me?"
"That is about the size of it," said the Sergeant.
I felt so sad and so entirely disappointed that tears came into my eyes and a lump of incommunicable poignancy swelled tragically in my throat. I began to feel intensely every fragment of my equal humanity. The life that was bubbling at the end of my fingers was real and nearly painful in intensity and so was the beauty of my warm face and the loose humanity of my limbs and the racy health of my red rich blood. To leave it all without good reason and to smash the little empire into small fragments was a thing too pitiful even to refuse to think about.”



“Marry, don't marry,' Auntie Aya says as we unfold layers of dough to make an apple strudel.
Just don't have your babies unless it's
absolutely necessary
.'
How do I know if it's necessary?'
She stops and stares ahead, her hands gloved in flour. 'Ask yourself, Do I want a baby or do I want to make a cake? The answer will come to you like bells ringing.' She flickers her fingers in the air by her ear. 'For me, almost always, the answer was
cake
.”



“I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six. Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.”

“As for butter versus margarine, I trust cows more than chemists.”

“But I don’t think I’ve ever known such a natural at Potions!” said Slughorn. “Instinctive, you know — like his mother! I’ve only ever taught a few with this kind of ability, I can tell you that, Sybill — why even Severus —”
And to Harry’s horror, Slughorn threw out an arm and seemed to scoop Snape out of thin air toward them.”



“Step up to red alert."
Sir, are you absolutely sure? It does mean changing the bulb."
- Rimmer & Kryten, "Red Dwarf”

“Doobie always wanted to see the badge. It was shiny, and he was eight.”



“Since I didn't have a candy wrapper to help me with the bad connection I was about to have, I resorted to using vocal sound effects. When Agent Carson picked up, I started my performance. "Agent... Agent Carson," I said, panting into the phone.
"Yes, Charley." She seemed unimpressed, but I wasn't about to stop now.
"I--I know who the kshshshshshsh are."
"I'm a little busy right now, Davidson. What is a Ksh, and why do I care?"
"I'm sorry. My kshshsh... is kshshsh... ing."
I repeat. What is a Ksh? And why do I care if it is ksh-ing?"
She was a tough one. I knew I should have waited and bought a Butterfinger at the Jug-N-Chug. Those wrappers crakled like Rice Krispies on a Saturday morning. "You aren't listeni--kshshsh."
"You're really bad at this."
"Bank ro-ksh-ers. I know who they kshshsh."
"Charley, if you don't cut this crap out."
I hung up and turned off my phone before she could figure out what I was trying not to tell her and call back.”



“Murderers! Stop murdering. Everyone will die eventually. Just sit down and be patient.”

“This won't look so good in my obituary," Schaffer said dolefully. There was a perceptible edge of strain under the lightly-spoken words."Gave his life for his country in a ladies' lavatory in Upper Bavaria.”



“This is Sailor Supergirl,” George says. “She knows all about black holes.”



“The British do not expect happiness. I had the impression, all the time that I lived there, that they do not want to be happy; they want to be right.”

“You're sure?' I asked. 'I mean, the Lord of the Sword is great. But you could also be, I don't know, the Slammer of the Hammer'.”



“We're all a genius, but If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.”

“Preserve me from such cordiality! It is like handling briar-roses and may-blossoms - bright enough to the eye, and outwardly soft to the touch, but you know there are thorns beneath, and every now and then you feel them too; and perhaps resent the injury by crushing them in till you have destroyed their power, though somewhat to the detriment of your own fingers.”



“Skin boils! Boils cause serious pain and physical suffering, and you also have to consider the ugliness factor. Even the most powerful zit cream on earth would be no match for the Lord Almighty’s epidermal masterpieces. So this one wins for my pick of the nastiest of the first nine plagues -- a dubious honor indeed.”



“Well, what was I to do? For the well-bred gentleman there was clearly only one recourse. I fucked him.”



“Host: For those of you just tuning in, our guests tonight are the amazing Murder Magician, and his lovely minion, The Assistant...
Assistant: Charmed, I'm sure
Host: Who recently killed The Rumor. And you were awarded the Oppenheimer prize for villainy at last week's annual summit for dastardly deeds-- what are you going to do with all that money?
Murder Magician: Well, I'm so glad you asked that-- because I spent all the money on this giant MURDERBOT, and I've been dying to show it off!
Assistant: It's true... every penny.
Host: Wow! That's impressive! So what does it do?
Murder Magician: Well, Mr. Clark... it murders people.
Laughter.
Murder Magician: I'm serious.
Assistant: He is.”



“I sense a learning: that much dumber people than you end up in charge.”



“I always thought eating was a ridiculous activity anyway. I'd get out of it myself if I could, though you've got to do it to stay alive, they tell me.”



“Your daughter is adorable. I've never seen such an alien duck in my entire life.”



“Cal: “Yesterday I was stuck in a car with you for eight hours.”
Bastard. I didn’t even sing along with the radio. Much.
Me: “Yeah. And?”
Cal: “Something happened.”
Me: “If you’re referring to my driving skills, may I just say I didn’t TOUCH that truck. What you felt was just the wind. We were going pretty fast. And there wasn’t even a scratch. I checked.”
Every Boy's Got One”

“Harry, however, had never been less interested in Quidditch; he was rapidly becoming obsessed with Draco Malfoy.”



“Highland werewolves had a reputation for doing atrocious and highly unwarranted *things*, like wearing smoking jackets to the dinner table.”




“Caw! Caw, Hartley, caw!"
Chase narrowed his eyes again.
"Sam?"
I nodded. Then crossed to the window again and called down to Sam. "You can quit squawking. He caught me.”



“They keep saying that sea levels are rising an' all this. It's nowt to do with the icebergs melting, it's because there's too many fish in it. Get rid of some of the fish and the water will drop. Simple. Basic science.”



“You can only fight one man at a time with a sword, but, with a pen, you can compose a lecture to bore legions of enemy troops to death.”



“Tonight sucks. And look at me. Look at - look at stupid Buffy. Too dumb for college, and-and-and freak Buffy, too strong for construction work. And-and my job at the magic shop? I was bored to tears even before the hour that wouldn't end. And the only person that I can even stand to be around is a... neutered vampire who cheats at kitten poker.”

“Racism was not a problem on the Discworld, because—what with trolls and dwarfs and so on—speciesism was more interesting. Black and white lived in perfect harmony and ganged up on green.”



“Sometimes I feel better around you. I kind of like your face' -Nick”



“The waitress scuttles away, and I make a shooing motion at the old couple who’re still glaring.
“Don’t you have something to better to work on?” I hiss. “Like golfing or eating prunes or dying?”
The old lady looks shocked.
“Okay, sorry, not dying. But seriously, prunes are good for you.”



“I'm not tired. I'm just checking my eyelids for holes. It could take a while”



“Jesus, Morelli, you sound like you have PMS. You have to learn to lighten up a little. It's just a car alarm. You should be thanking me. I had it installed with my own money.”



“I find that if you just talk, your mouth comes up with stuff.”

“I don't care how much you eat, Ender, self-cannibalism won't get you out of this school.”

“If they projected the fact that they are dangerous any harder, there would be little puddles of "danger" on the floor around them. Look, it's "danger", don't step in it!”



“I wish you would tell me your secret. To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable.”



“We're on a mission from Glod.”



“I find her anecdotes more efficacious than sheep-counting, rain on a tin roof, or alanol tablets.... you will find me and Morpheus, off in a corner, necking.”

“I promise to pay you before you die - but you have to promise not to die.”

“China is the same age as I am, and even I have to admit that she wears it better!" He laughed, then stopped and peered at her. "Because I'm a skeleton" he explained.”



“I've decided to call him Norbert,' said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes. 'He really knows me now, watch. Norbert! Norbert! Where's Mummy?'
'He's lost his marbles,' Ron muttered in Harry's ear.
'Hagrid,' said Harry loudly, 'give it a fortnight and Norbert's going to be as big as your house. Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment.
Hagrid bit his lip.
'I- I know I can't jus' dump him, I can't.'
Harry suddenly turned to Ron.
'Charlie,' he said.
'You're losing it too,' said Ron. 'I'm Ron, remember?”



“The worst mistake a writer can make is to assume everyone has an imagination.”

“This was after stew. But then, so is everything. When the first man crawled out of the slime and went to make his home on land, what he had for dinner that night was stew.”



“Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted; persons  attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot.”



“Say, ‘Thank you, Phin.’ ”
“Oh, please.”
“Say, Thank youvery much, Phin. ”
“I don’t think so.”
“Say, ‘You are a great lover, Phin.’ ”
“I’m out of here.”



“If only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for him.”



“Fancourt can't write women,' said Nina dismissively. 'He tries but he can't do it. His women are all temper, tits and tampons.”



“Getting to a higher spiritual level is like increasing your credit score. You get a lot more points for sinning and repenting than if you have no credit history at all.”



“Nothing is as irritating to a shy man as a confident girl.”

“I lean over and put my good ear to his lips, which tickle me as he whispers. "Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me any time you like it.”

“Don’t kiss me,” she said warningly.
“I don’t intend to,” he replied, smiling a little. “I don’t have my whip and chair with me.”



“There’s always time for arguin’ when you’re a Fuentes.”



“Money's scarce
Times are hard
Here's your fucking
Xmas card”

“There's one thing you don't put in a trap, if you're smart, if you value your continued existance, if you have any plans about seeing tomorrow, there is one thing you never ever put in a trap.
And what would that be sir?
Me”

“Half my life is an act of revision.”

“Being magnanimous in victory usually worked, but to keep abreast of the situation he had to  pump the girl for all she knew. Was there a pang of remorse for his actions in his mind?  Possibly, but what choice did he have? If he wanted to survive, he had no room for weakness.”




“I've had so many bikini waxes, I cry every time I see a Popsicle stick.”



“I prefer dead writers because you don't run into them at parties.”

“If every vampire who said he was at The Crucifixion, was actually there, it would have been like Woodstock . . .”

“Get back in my cot, girl," said Gilsa. "You're sickly."
No, I'm not," said Ani.
Oh, no? Well, maybe stubbornness is a sickness, did you ever think of that?”

“Last year I went fishing with Salvador Dali. He was using a dotted line. He caught every other fish.”

“Maruman does not loll.”



“Beppu (n.)
The triumphant slamming shut of a book after reading the final page.”



“If you drink, don’t drive. Don’t even putt.”

“Would I serve you or (Prince) Jon stolen goods? he asked. "No, don't answer me.”

“We need our goats!” I yelled.
I waded through the crowd until I reached our chariot. I grabbed Otis’s face and pressed my forehead against his.
“Testing,” I whispered. “Is this goat on? Thor, can you hear me?”
“You have beautiful eyes,” Otis told me.”



“Donegan Bane and Gracious O'Callahan - the Monster Hunters. Adventurers, inventors, authors of
Monster Hunting for Beginners
and it's sequels,
Monster Hunting for Beginners is Probably Inadvisable
and
Seriously, Dude, Stop Monster Hunting.
”



“The only way I can describe the extent of my anxiety is to say that I felt as if I were pregnant with a rock.”

“never say never. whoops - said it twice”

“The little waiter's eyebrows wandered about his forehead in confusion.”



“Right. Because if you have trouble putting ketchup and mustard on a hot dog, you should totally move on to saving lives.”



“If a man was around when Aunt Kathy came by, she would berate him and throw him out. I even saw her toss guys out at gunpoint. She’d threaten them and say, “I will shoot you until I can’t see you!” I remember thinking, “How is that possible? That’s a lot of damn shooting!” ”



“Some people will insult your intelligence by suddenly being nice or nicer to you once you make it … or they think you have.”

“It's a shame that we have to choose between two such second-rate countries as the USSR and the USA.”

“Oh, come on Em." He stopped walking and looked me in the eyes. His own were dark and shiny. "You know how I feel about you," he muttered.
"I do?"
He stepped closer and whispered, "When you're around, music plays in my head."
My eyes welled. "Music," I repeated softly.
"Well, you know." He grinned. "It's the Jaws theme. Da dum. Da dum.”

“GUIL: It [Hamlet's madness] really boils down to symptoms. Pregnant replies, mystic allusions, mistaken identities, arguing his father is his mother, that sort of thing; intimations of suicide, forgoing of exercise, loss of mirth, hints of claustrophobia not to say delusions of imprisonment; invocations of camels, chameleons, capons, whales, weasels, hawks, handsaws -- riddles, quibbles and evasions; amnesia, paranoia, myopia; day-dreaming, hallucinations; stabbing his elders, abusing his parents, insulting his lover, and appearing hatless in public -- knock-kneed, droop-stockinged and sighing like a love-sick schoolboy, which at his age is coming on a bit strong.
ROS: And talking to himself.
GUIL: And talking to himself.”



“Sighing dismally, she acknowledged that some things just weren't humanly possible - not even Martha Stewart could fold fitted sheets.”

“Laughing in the cultural industry is mockery of happiness.”

“A premature death does not only rob one of the countless instances where one would have experienced pleasure, it also saves one from the innumerable instances where one would have experienced pain.”

“Sober or blotto, this is your motto: keep muddling through.”



“Would you please just talk to me? Please?" Sally's voice was beginning to take on a high-pitched whine.
"Oh, good grief. For the love of healthy ears everywhere, quit your belly aching," Jen snapped, the clothes in her hands growing more wrinkled by the second. "Sally, there is nothing to talk about, okay? It is what it is."
Sally threw her hands up in the air as she exhaled loudly. "No, it is not what it is, whatever the hell that means. It's a whole freaking lot more complicated than 'it is what it is.”



“I’m not sure what made me think God would choose to reveal himself to little ol’ me. I think I believed that if I pleaded often and hard enough, he would see how sincere I was and grant my request, kind of like Linus and the Great Pumpkin. My sincerity would win him over so he would choose my pumpkin patch -- or, in this case, my bedroom -- to make a brief personal appearance. Unfortunately, that never happened.”



“I was flipping channels, watching this cheerleading program on MTV. They took a field hockey girl and “transformed” her into a cheerleader by the end of the show. I was just wondering: what if she liked field hockey better?”




“There is no need to do any housework at all. After the first four years the dirt doesn't get any worse.”

“We don’t hide crazy,” I said. “We put it on the porch and let it entertain the neighbors.”



“Like the famous mad philosopher said, when you stare into the void, the void stares also; but if you cast into the void, you get a type conversion error. (Which just goes to show Nietzsche wasn't a C++ programmer.)”



“If you want to know the Correct term for me, I'm a Dark-Hunter."
Nick digested that word slowly. "Which means what? You hunt darkness?"
"Yes, Nick. That's exactly what I do. There's just not enough of it." Now, there was some sarcasm you could cut with a knife.”



“When they’re together, the world could fall apart around them and they’d never notice or care as long as they have each other.
About Alex and Brittany.
”



“Got to say, dying would really wreck my best day. Been there, done that, and now that I think about it, Artemis forgot to give me the t-shirt.”



“You don't scare me, Cadence Jones. I've lived with crazy, I've ridden with crazy, I've vacationed with crazy, I've visited crazy in various hospitals, I've sat in on therapy sessions with crazy. Frankly, I think women who don't have major emotional disorders are really very dull.”



“The weather had freshened almost to coldness, for the wind was coming more easterly, from the chilly currents between Tristan and the Cape; the sloth was amazed by the change; it shunned the deck and spent its time below. Jack was in his cabin, pricking the chart with less satisfaction than he could have wished: progress, slow, serious trouble with the mainmast-- unaccountable headwinds by night-- and sipping a glass of grog; Stephen was in the mizentop, teaching Bonden to write and scanning the sea for his first albatross. The sloth sneezed, and looking up, Jack caught its gaze fixed upon him; its inverted face had an expression of anxiety and concern. 'Try a piece of this, old cock,' he said, dipping his cake in the grog and proffering the sop. 'It might put a little heart into you.' The sloth sighed, closed its eyes, but gently absorbed the piece, and sighed again.
Some minutes later he felt a touch upon his knee: the sloth had silently climbed down and it was standing there, its beady eyes looking up into his face, bright with expectation. More cake, more grog: growing confidence and esteem. After this, as soon as the drum had beat the retreat, the sloth would meet him, hurrying toward the door on its uneven legs: it was given its own bowl, and it would grip it with its claws, lowering its round face into it and pursing its lips to drink (its tongue was too short to lap). Sometimes it went to sleep in this position, bowed over the emptiness.
'In this bucket,' said Stephen, walking into the cabin, 'in this small half-bucket, now, I have the population of Dublin, London, and Paris combined: these animalculae-- what is the matter with the sloth?' It was curled on Jack's knee, breathing heavily: its bowl and Jack's glass stood empty on the table. Stephen picked it up, peered into its affable bleary face, shook it, and hung it upon its rope. It seized hold with one fore and one hind foot, letting the others dangle limp, and went to sleep.
Stephen looked sharply round, saw the decanter, smelt to the sloth, and cried, 'Jack, you have debauched my sloth.”



“England once there lived a big
And wonderfully clever pig.
To everybody it was plain
That Piggy had a massive brain.
He worked out sums inside his head,
There was no book he hadn't read.
He knew what made an airplane fly,
He knew how engines worked and why.
He knew all this, but in the end
One question drove him round the bend:
He simply couldn't puzzle out
What LIFE was really all about.
What was the reason for his birth?
Why was he placed upon this earth?
His giant brain went round and round.
Alas, no answer could be found.
Till suddenly one wondrous night.
All in a flash he saw the light.
He jumped up like a ballet dancer
And yelled, "By gum, I've got the answer!"
"They want my bacon slice by slice
"To sell at a tremendous price!
"They want my tender juicy chops
"To put in all the butcher's shops!
"They want my pork to make a roast
"And that's the part'll cost the most!
"They want my sausages in strings!
"They even want my chitterlings!
"The butcher's shop! The carving knife!
"That is the reason for my life!"
Such thoughts as these are not designed
To give a pig great piece of mind.
Next morning, in comes Farmer Bland,
A pail of pigswill in his hand,
And piggy with a mighty roar,
Bashes the farmer to the floor…
Now comes the rather grizzly bit
So let's not make too much of it,
Except that you must understand
That Piggy did eat Farmer Bland,
He ate him up from head to toe,
Chewing the pieces nice and slow.
It took an hour to reach the feet,
Because there was so much to eat,
And when he finished, Pig, of course,
Felt absolutely no remorse.
Slowly he scratched his brainy head
And with a little smile he said,
"I had a fairly powerful hunch
"That he might have me for his lunch.
"And so, because I feared the worst,
"I thought I'd better eat him first.”

“... all his faces were designed to express rage or loathing. Now that something had happened which really deserved a face, he had none to celebrate it with. As a kind of token, he made his Sex Life in Ancient Rome face.”



“my sword reappeared in my pocket.
yeah,great timing.now i could attack the walls all i wanted.my cell had no bar,no window,not even a door”

“It's hard to maintain a reputation for being grim and mysterious when you're accompanied by a brightly clad young thing, skipping merrily along at your side, holding your hand, and smiling sweetly on one and all.”



“Allegra's Austen wrote about the impact of financial need on the intimate lives of women. If she'd worked in a bookstore, Allegra would have shelved Austen in the horror section.”



“Fever jumped aside just in time to dodge the shower of urine, and stumbled into the path of a religious procession - celebrants in robes and pointed hats whirling and clapping and chanting the name of some old-world prophet,
'Hari, Hari! Hari Potter!'
”



“He's like a man with a fork, in a world of soup. (about his brother Liam)”

“When I turn back to Jase, he’s again beaming at me. “You’re nice.” He sounds pleased, as if he hadn’t expected this aspect of my personality.”



“Gemma Davidson,” she answered, her voice as groggy as I felt.
“Where are you?” I asked.
“Who is this?”
“Elvis.”
“What time is it?”
“Hammer time?”
“Charley.”
“Did you text me? Did your car break down?”
“No and no. Why are you doing this to me?” She was funny.
“Check your cell.”
I heard a loud, sleepy sigh, some rustling of sheets, then, “It won’t come on.”
“Not at all?”
“No. What did you do to it?”
“I ate it for breakfast. Check the battery compartment.”
“Where the hell is that?”
“Um, behind the battery door.”
“Are you punking me?” I heard her fumbling with the phone.
“Gem, if I was going to punk you, I wouldn't simply turn off your phone. I would pour honey in your hair while you slept. Or, you know, something like that.”
“That was you?” she asked, appalled.”



“You can't just call the Praetor. It's not like 1-800-WEREWOLF.”



“My patience has dreadful chilblains from standing so long on a monument.”



“Once I tried to kill myself with a bungee cord. I kept almost dying.”

“Gabriel shuffled around the trunk again, searching for faux arrows—arrows designed to injure but not kill. “All these arrows are sharp—and have blood on them.”
“Yes, well, I left my cotton candy arrows at home next to my teddy bear.”
Gabriel turned to Tristan. “We’re not going to kill that guy.”
“We might.”
“Tristan, that’s homicide.”
“It’s self defense.”
“It’s not self defense. He didn’t come after you.”
“But he came after Scarlet. And, technically, Scarlet is a piece of me. So, yeah. It’s self-defense. Are you coming with me or not?”
“I don’t want to kill him. I just want to hurt him. Or detain him.”
“Or maybe you could just give him a big hug.”Tristan started marching into the woods. “You can stay there and clean weapons or whatever, but I’m going after our intruder.”



“Jase props himself up on an elbow, looking at me for a minute without saying anything. His face gets an unreadable expression, and I wish I could take back walking over.
Then he observes, “I’m guessing that’s a uniform.”
Crap. I’d forgotten I was still wearing it.”



“That's one way we differ, Jaime and I. He's taller as well, you may have noticed.”

“Life would be a great deal easier if dead things had the decency to remain dead.”

“look for the ridiculous in everything and you will find it”



“You can get anywhere in Pakistan if you know people, even into jail.”



“Gabe brings home a chicken and Tommy Falk for dinner. Truth be told, I'm not unhappy to see any of them. Gabe, because it's been so long since we've had dinner with him; the chicken because it's not beans; and Tommy Falk because his presence makes Gabe cheerful and goofy.”



“Passing through the early fog, the fruitseller’s boat nudged the edge of the canal beside the Palazzo Malipiero. All around was stillness. Casanova whispered to me, “This is the type of pause that occurs just in the instant before la petite mort. The breath held before the gasp followed by the exquisite release.”



“But Yossarian knew he was right, because, as he explained to Clevinger, to the best of his knowledge he had never been wrong.”



“Euthanasia" is an excellent and comforting word! I am grateful to whoever invented it.”




“When I hear somebody talk about a horse or cow being stupid; I figure it's a sure sign that the animal has somehow outfoxed them”



“Politics is the entertainment branch of industry.”

“I want a baby of my very own one day, but it seems that my being male is a BIIIIT of a problem.”



“When it comes to emotions, women know how to paint with the full set of oils, while men are busy doodling with crayons.”



“Someone once told me that we move when it becomes less painful than staying where we are".”



“Why is luge a sport? You dress up like a giant sperm and go sledding really fast. That’s hardly athletic. Phallic and sexy, yes. But hardly athletic.”



“The 12-step chocoholics program: Never be more than 12 steps away from chocolate!”

“Advertising - A judicious mixture of flattery and threats.”

“If I wanted you to understand, I would explain it better.”

“Letitia! What a name. Halfway between a salad and a sneeze.”



“We all hold the keys to our own jail cells.”



“You realise you’re going to owe me dinner after this, right?”
“How does McDonald’s sound?”
“Inadequate.”



“All young people worry about things, it's a natural and inevitable part of growing up, and at the age of sixteen my greatest anxiety in life was that I'd never again achieve anything as good, or pure, or noble, or true, as my O-level results.”



“I said, "I'll take the T-bone steak."
A soft voice mooed, "Oh wow."
And I looked up and realized
The waitress was a cow.
I cried, "Mistake--forget the the steak.
I'll take the chicken then."
I heard a cluck--'twas just my luck
The busboy was a hen.
I said, "Okay no, fowl today.
I'll have the seafood dish."
Then I saw through the kitchen door
The cook--he was a fish.
I screamed, "Is there anyone workin' here
Who's an onion or a beet?
No? Your're sure? Okay then friends,
A salad's what I'll eat."
They looked at me. "Oh,no," they said,
"The owner is a cabbage head.”

“If you were anyone else, your nuts would be taking a long vacation, and the destination would be out of your mouth”



“Just follow my lead,’ I said. ‘It’ll be fun.’
‘Please,’ Sam begged, ‘don’t let those words be carved on my tombstone.”



“He was silent for a moment, staring out the window into the rain; I imagined he was contemplating the fact that his family's presence was turning the locals into giant dogs.”



“Amy: Pond and her boys . . . my poncho boys. If we're going to die, let's die looking like a peruvian folk band.”

“Merry Christmas!”

“The witch's hair was too short and too dark for blond. She wasn't sure if that relieved her or disturbed her.
Riley had immediately begun his interrogation, and it had gone something like this:
Riley: Where is the meeting between your kind and Aden Stone supposed to take place?
Witch: Go suck yourself.
Riley: Maybe later. Meeting?
Witch: Enjoy death.
Riley: I have once already. Now, decide to talk or lose a body part.
Witch: May I recommend a finger?
Riley: Sure. After I take one of your very necessary hands.”



“Doctor doctor, what do you say, lets put the id back in yid”



“
Submit!
Juliet's Joy screeches underneath him at no one in particular.
"I've
got
to get a new horse," the Mayor mutters.”



“In his essay,Agastya had said that his real ambition was to be a domesticated male stray dog because they lived the best life.They were assured of food,and because they were stray they didn't have to guard a house or beg or shake paws or fetch trifles or be clean or anything similarly meaningless to earn their food.They were servile and sycophantic when hungry;once fed,and before sleep,they wagged their tails perfunctorily whenever their hosts passes,as an investment for future meals.A stray dog was free,he slept a lot,barked unexpectedly and only when he wanted to,and got a lot of sex.”



“I want a magical horse that fits in my pocket," Wil said. "And a ring of red amber that gives me power over demons. And an endless supply of cake.”



“Some of us were brought into this troubled world primarily or only to increase our fathers’ chances of not being left by our mothers, or vice versa.”



“Kapag si Aga Muhlach ang nanligaw, ready o hindi ready, Re-ready yan kasi gusto siya eh.”



“If you neglected to warn Djetth beforehand that you were going to shoot him down, Your Highness, he may consider you in breach of contract...
-- Rhett
”



“Then the Dean repeated the mantra that has had such a marked effect on the progress of knowledge throughout the ages.
“Why don’t we just mix up absolutely everything and see what happens?” he said.
And Ridcully responded with the traditional response.
“It’s got to be worth a try,” he said.”



“It was mostly just the concept of eating a cock that Matthew found so challenging, irrespective of which animal it came from.”



“Weirdism is definitely the cornerstone of many an artist's career.”




“Don't ask me who's influenced me. A lion is made up of all the lambs he's digested, and I've been reading all my life.”

“What are we doing here? Has something gone wrong?”
“Oh no, Ron,” came Fred’s voice, very sarcastically. “No, this is exactly where we wanted to end up.”



“People used to say obvious things ironically or as a form of understatement, but in the last few decades they seem to say it with a sense of discovery, and it worries me.”



“People don't deserve the restraint we show by not going into delirium in front of them.”

“I'm too old to know everything”

“And when the firemen turned off the hose and were standing in the wet, smoky room, Jim's Aunt, Miss Prothero, came downstairs and peered in at them. Jim and I waited, very quietly, to hear what she would say to them. She said the right thing, always. She looked at the three tall firemen in their shining helmets, standing among the smoke and cinders and dissolving snowballs, and she said, "Would you like anything to read?”



“[novan]: bassists are very good with their fingers
[novan]: and some of us sing backup vocals, so that means we're good with our mouths too...
(~ IM chat with Novan Chang, 18, bassist)”



“It struck him that how you spent Christmas was a message to the world about where you were in life, some indication of how deep a hole you had managed to burrow for yourself”



“With the possible exception of clothes, beauty salons and Frank Sinatra, there are few subjects all women agree upon.”



“A fashion is nothing but an induced epidemic.”

“Rhiannon's Law #16: If it looks like a rabbit, and it hops like a rabbit, run the other way and fast. That shit is liable to tear you arm off.”



“Just now he was on a mind-blowing adventure and it was rapidly spiralling out of control, and this is what he needed to concentrate his mind on. How could he squeeze Daley to get the book back; that’s if Daley had it in his possession in the first place? The next few days were going to be crucial.”



“You know what happens when windmills collapse into the sea? A splash.”

“She has to agree to have me. It could take some time, but I’m confident I can trick her into it.”



“We could get kinky and see how bats and rats make love, he suggested in a whisper, warm breath against her neck.
You are a sick man, Jacques. Very, very sick.”



“Where's your sense of adventure?
It died under mysterious circumstances. My sense of self-preservation found the body, but assures me it has an airtight alibi.
-Captain Tagon & Captain Andreyasn”



“Only mediocrity can be trusted to be always at its best. Genius must always have lapses proportionate to its triumphs.”

“I'm sorry I'm so pathetic," he thought, and then realized he had also said it.
Beth laughed, so lightly and so kindly that Denis felt it in his chest, not his stomach.
Can I tell you a secret?"
Yes, tell me all your secrets
Denis kept to himself.
Beth leaned in, whispered: "All boys are pathetic.”



“Solomon's Laws
1. When the law doesn't work...work the law.”



“Yes. We will live the rest of our lives in hell. It's not so bad: as long as you're prepared for it, you can live anywhere.”



“When I meet people, I no longer say "Hi, I'm Derek Landy, pleased to meet you." Now I say "Hi, I'm number one bestselling author Derek Landy. Worship me.”

“When we did eventually get to the party - me walking next to Dad's Volvo driving at five miles an hour - I had a horrible time. Everyone laughed at first but then more or less ignored me. In a mood of defiant stuffed oliveness I did have a dance by myself but things kept crashing to the floor around me. The host asked if I would sit down. I had a go at that but it was useless. In the end I was at the gate for about an hour before Dad arrived.”



“I don't know very much but what I do know I know better than anybody, and I don't want to argue about it…My mind is not a bed to be made and re-made. ”

“Cal: “I’m not presuming. I know exactly what you think about me. You think I’m an anal-retentive Armrest Nazi . . . an arrogant Modelizer. You can’t stand the way I talk, any of the subjects I choose to talk about, the imperious manner I order food in restaurants or tell cab drivers how much we owe them. You find my taste in women odious, the fact that I don’t own a television an unforgivable sin, and the fact that I would choose to write a book about Saudi Arabia completely unfathomable. And you’re also totally in love with me. If you weren’t you wouldn’t have pushed me into the pool earlier today when you saw Grazi walk in.”
Every Boy's Got One”

“Greg starts a middle school and asks: Why
is "bullies" such a big PROBLEM? And says
people need to shave twice a day.”



“Your fate is writ clear;you will be murdered. I cannot conceive how it comes about that you were not murdered long since!"
"How odd!Charles himself once said that to me, or something like it!"
"There is nothing odd in it; any sensible man must say it!”



“Eternal nothingness is okay if you are dressed for it.”

“Remember the 11th commandment. Thou shalt not take thyself to damn seriously.”

“I also think pronunciation of a foreign tongue could be better taught than by demanding from the pupil those internal acrobatic feats that are generally impossible and always useless. This is the sort of instruction one receives: 'Press your tonsils against the underside of your larynx. Then with the convex part of the septum curved upwards so as almost but not quite to touch the uvula try with the tip of your tongue to reach your thyroid. Take a deep breath and compress your glottis. Now without opening your lips say "Garoo".' And when you have done it they are not satisfied.”



“I put my pants on one leg at a time, just like everyone else. It's the way I take them OFF that makes me better than you.”




“Oh! And they read English novels! David! Did you ever look into an English novel? Well, do not trouble yourself. It is nothing but a lot of nonsense about girls with fanciful names getting married.”



“Were you proposing to shoot these people in cold blood, sergeant?"
"Nossir. Just a warning shot inna head, sir.”



“I'm a whore!"
Miki hit the brakes...her hands.. gripping the steering wheel, glanced at Sara. "You're not wearing any underwear, are you?"
Sara let out a strangled squeal...”



“Draco Malfoy is a bad boy!" squeaked Dobby angrily.”



“Its not easy being a man you know. I had to get dressed today… and there are other pressures.”

“Yes?" she asked, eyeing me guardedly.
I struck out a hand and said "Shake."
Arra stared at the hand, then into my unfocused eyes. "One good fight doesn't make you a warrior," she said.
"Shake!" I repeated angrily.
"And if I don't?" she asked.
"I'll get back up on the bars and fight you till you do," I growled.
Arra studied me at length, then nodded and took my hand. "Power to you, Darren Shan," she said gruffly.
"Power," I repeated weakly, then fainted into her arms and knew no more till I came to in my hammock the next night.”



“All I could determine was that it must have been a nice thing to see if it was a house you were thinking about moving into. But not so nice if it was the house you were moving out from. I could practically hear Mr Collins, who had taught my fifth-grade English class and was still the most intimidating teacher I'd ever had, yelling at me. "Amy Curry," I could still hear him intoning, "never end a sentence with a preposition!" Irked that after six hears he was still mentally correcting me, I told the Mr. Collins in my head to off fuck.”



“Impartially, shrewdly, I considered suicide, though not in my worst moments. The bottle of pills. The note: 'No hard feelings, everyone, but I've thought about it and it's just not on, is it? It's nearly on, but not quite. No? Anyway, all the best, C.”



“Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and scratched his beard. 'Shouldn'ta lost me temper,' he said ruefully, 'but it didn't work anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasn't much left ter do.”



“Maxim 3:
An ordnance technician at a dead run outranks everybody.
-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries”

“The most upsetting thing about Society’s attitude towards disabled people is that many millions of disabled people became disabled while trying to please Society, the very same bitch that secretly regards them as subhuman.”



“Every single person is a fool, insane, a failure, or a bad person to at least ten people.”

“At first I assumed he was a Mexican, but slowly began to realise that a real Mexican probably wouldn't be wearing a sombrero in a London nightclub. And he'd probably have a real moustache, not a stick-on one. A Mexican with a stick-on moustache would be like a Super-Mexican, because he'd have two moustaches, and that'd be cool, because a Super-Mexican could probably use his poncho as a cape, and then I realised I was saying all this to the man's face.”



“Nothing great is ever accomplished by following standards.”

“Homework, I Love You
Homework, I love you. I think that you’re great.
It’s wonderful fun when you keep me up late.
I think you’re the best when I’m totally stressed,
preparing and cramming all night for a test.
Homework, I love you. What more can I say?
I love to do hundreds of problems each day.
You boggle my mind and you make me go blind,
but still I’m ecstatic that you were assigned.
Homework, I love you. I tell you, it’s true.
There’s nothing more fun or exciting to do.
You’re never a chore, for it’s you I adore.
I wish that our teacher would hand you out more.
Homework, I love you. You thrill me inside.
I’m filled with emotions. I’m fit to be tied.
I cannot complain when you frazzle my brain.
Of course, that’s because I’m completely insane.”

“War is a game that is played with a smile. If you can't smile, grin. If you can't grin, keep out of the way till you can.”

“It is still cheating, even if nobody comes.”

“A lot of people say there's a fine line between genius and insanity. I don't think there's a fine line, I actually think there's a yawning gulf. You see some poor bugger scuffling up the road with balloons tied to his ears, he's not going home to invent a rocket, is he?”

“I just want to say, for the record, as far as Royal protectors go, you're not very good."
"It's my first day," Royce replied dryly.
"And already I am trapped in a timeless prison. I shudder to think what might have happened if you had a whole week.”



“I should fancy, however, that murder is always a mistake. One should never do anything that one cannot talk about after dinner.”



“I really hope he shapes up, you know? He’s got a good head on his shoulders when he’s not trying to give himself alcohol poisoning.”



“That's your solution? Have a cookie?”



“Having been engaged rather a lot of times, Zsa Zsa Gabor was asked whether a lady should give back the ring. Her answer?
"Of course dahlink, but first, you take out all the diamonds.”

“You can write about anything for children as long as you've got humour.”



“I'm not saying he was, like, crying tears of man pain over the phone, but he sounded upset.”



“Miss Grantham's sense of humour got the better of her at this point, and, tottering towards a chair, she sank into it, exclaiming in tragic accents:'Oh Heavens! I am betrayed!' His lordship blenched; both he and Miss Laxton regarded her with guilty dismay. Miss Grantham buried her face in her handkerchief, and uttered one shattering word: 'Wretch!”



“If they were going to be like that, then I just wished they hadn't actually been German. It was too easy. Too obvious. It was like coming across an Irishman who actually was stupid, a mother-in-law who actually was fat, or an American businessman who actually did have a middle initial and smoked a cigar. You feel as if you are unwillingly performing in a music-hall sketch and wishing you could rewrite the script. If Helmut and Kurt had been Brazilian or Chinese or Latvian or anything else at all, they could then have behaved in exactly the same way and it would have been surprising and intriguing and, more to the point from my perspective, much easier to write about. Writers should not be in the business of propping up stereotypes. I wondered what to do about it, decided that they could simply be Latvians if I wanted, and then at last drifted off peacefully to worrying about my boots.”



“Ladies, gentlemen, we're out of here! Your boss is upstairs, and only mildly wounded. Go help him if you have the inclination. You'll also notice the house is on fire. Make of that what you like.”



“I love you," I whispered hoarsely. "You're my favourite person." The tears blurred in my eyes again. "And if you ever tell anyone I cried during this moment I will withhold sex for a year.”



“I fell in love with football as I was later to fall in love with women: suddenly, inexplicably, uncritically, giving no thought to the pain or disruption it would bring with it.”




“Come on. I know you're not a stupid man.'
'I'm quite stupid. Ask anyone.'
'Finbar, are there superheroes living among us?'
Finbar snorted with laughter and Kenny started to feel a little thick. 'Superheroes? In tights and capes, flying around? If there were superheroes, Mr. Journalist, don't you think they'd be in New York or somewhere like that? There's not that many tall buildings for Spiderman to swing from in Dublin, you know? He'd have maybe two good swings and then hang there looking disappointed.'
'These people don't wear tights and capes, Finbar.'
'So they're naked superheroes? That's grand for now, but when the good weather is over they're going to regret it.'
'They look like us. They dress like us. But they're not like us. They're different.'
'You,' Finbar said. 'Are sounding very racist right now.”



“Who or what inspires you?"
"I must admit that I often read my own articles in scientific journals and inspire myself.”



“Being born in a stable does not make one a horse.”

“Sophie, honey, stop looking at me like that,” Garrett said gruffly. “You’ll have me convinced I’m going to die.”
“You’re not?”



“Looking but not seeing is the hearing but not understanding of the eye.”

“Oliver, calm down!” said Fred, looking slightly alarmed. “We’re taking Hufflepuff very seriously.
Seriously
.”



“Susan hardly had begun to slow down when Tera appeared from between a couple of buildings and loped over to the car. I leaned forward, opened the door, and she got into the backseat. I threw her the extra clothes I had picked up, and she began to dress without comment.
It worked," I said. "We did it."
Of course it worked," Tera said. "Men are foolish. They will stare at anything female and naked.”



“The angel has confided in me that he is going to ask the Lord if he can become Spider-Man. [...] The children need heroes, he says. I think he just wants to swing from buildings in tight red jammies.”



“If I let you go are you going to hit me again?”
“What do you think?”
“Then I’m not going to let you go.”



“I’d bet a month of dawn patrols those apprentices had something to do with it,” Birchfall meowed. “Why else would they disappear back to ShadowClan without their mother?”
Dustpelt let out a snort of amusement. “I can just picture those three holding Blackstar down until he agreed.”



“She gave me the jabs and said I was covered for every worst-case scenario, including being bitten by a dirty chimp. I told her this is why we have over-population problems. Why are idiots who annoy dirty chimps being protected?”



“He nodded toward the sub. "This is going to be a blow-off day."
I dragged my mind away from magical intrigue. After being homeschooled for most of my life, some parts of the "normal" school world was a mystery. "What does that mean, exactly."
"Usually teacher leave subs a lesson plan, telling them what to do. I saw Ms. Terwilliger left. It said, 'Distract them.”



“There are two kinds of people in the world: those who love chocolate, and communists.”

“I'm in love with you"
Finally, the girl looks at me. "What?"
"I don't know." I gesture to the house, the yard, the dirt surrounding us. "I'm not sure what suggested romance. Maybe it was the screaming match or the way my girlfriend kicked my ass to the ground, but I love you."
Her mouth gapes. "I...I..."
"I don't want you to say it back now. One of us should have some class.”



“There are many other little refinements too, Mr. Bohlen. You'll see them all when you study the plans carefully. For example, there's a trick that nearly every writer uses, of inserting at least one long, obscure word into each story. This makes the reader think that the man is very wise and clever. So I have the machine do the same thing. There'll be a whole stack of long words stored away just for this purpose."
Where?"
In the 'word-memory' section," he said, epexegetically.”



“Back in my day, which was about a week and a half ago, we took our lumps and we got back up and we cried like babies and quit and then put on weight.”



“Hey,” Shayne said through the door. “You going to stay in there all night, because we’re getting tired of trying to eavesdrop from out here. Can’t hear a damn thing.”



“Rogue Squadron doesn’t run. Unless we really, really have to."
"No, this will be Wraith Squadron’s mission."
"We don’t mind running. Even when we don’t have to.”



“She didn’t sound overjoyed. She didn’t sound even slightly joyed.”



“There was some women in a café the other week that I was sat in, and she came up and she sat down with her mate and she was talkin' loudly goin' on about "oh the baby's lovely." They said it's got, er, lovely big eyes, er, really big hands and feet. Now that doesn't sound like a nice baby to me. I felt like sayin' it sounds like a frog. But I thought I don't know her, there's only so much you can say to a stranger. I don't know what kept me from sayin' it.”

“Put me down, I’m too heavy.”
“You’re small enough to fit in my pocket.”



“Sarah, honey, I hardly think kidnappers are going to take the time to buy a memento of their stay. I could be wrong, but it seems rather unlikely.”



“Just because you don’t like peanut butter doesn’t necessarily mean you can’t like . . . peanuts.”



“Max looked around. "Where's your mutt?"
"Right here, asleep. He won't bite you again. I've talked to him about it, and he's really sorry”

“No body told you to call your band Salacious Mold, my friend.”



“After all, there was something rather pleasant in knowing that you were misunderstood. It made you feel different from everyone else.”



“How can you say you're not in love with Hell?"
"Because I'm not in love with Hell."
See? Not hard to say at all. It's true isn't it?
"Delusional much?”



“He needed to gather her up, hold on to her, anything to help her stop trembling. Something was going to shake loose if she didn’t.”



“Genua had once controlled the river mouth and taxed its traffic in a way that couldn't be called piracy because it was done by the city government, and therefore sound economics and perfectly all right.”



“You should have called us. Desmond would have picked you up.'
'No I wouldn't,' Valkyrie's dad said, stepping into earshot. 'Sorry, Fletcher, but I had important fatherly duties to take care of, which included eating breakfast, showering, and finding my trousers. Of those three, I only managed two. Without looking down, can you guess which one I missed?'... Fletcher smiled back. 'I just want to borrow Stephanie for a moment.'
'Take our daughter,' Valkryie's dad said, waving a hand airily. 'We have another one now.”




“My mom said the moon landing was faked,” said Eddie. “But she also said she saw Jackie Kennedy, Jimmy Hoffa, Elvis and Bigfoot at the IHOP out by the interstate. Elvis picked up the check.”



“Never trust a species that grins all the time. It’s up to something.”



“By the way, only a real man can accept his feminine side."
"I don't know who fed you that line of garbage, but I can promise she's laughing at you right now.”



“An old joke has an Oxford professor meeting an American former graduate student and asking him what he's working on these days. 'My thesis is on the survival of the class system in the United States.' 'Oh really, that's interesting: one didn't think there was a class system in the United States.' 'Nobody does. That's how it survives.”



“If anyone else asked that question, O He Who Is Terrible and Great, I would have said they were an ignorant fool; in you it is a sign of the disarming simplicity which is the fount of all virtue.”



“MAN, n.
An animal so lost in rapturous contemplation of what he thinks he is as to overlook what he indubitably ought to be. His chief occupation is extermination of other animals and his own species, which, however, multiplies with such insistent rapidity as to infest the whole habitable earth and Canada.”



“The universe is, instant by instant, recreated anew. There is in truth no past, only a memory of the past. Blink your eyes, and the world you see next did not exist when you closed them. Therefore, the only appropriate state of the mind is surprise. The only appropriate state of the heart is joy. The sky you see now, you have never seen before. The perfect moment is now. Be glad of it.”

“Everywhere I go, I am asked if I think university stifles writers. My opinion is that it doesn't stifle enough of them.”

“I like my tea like I like my men,” I say. With the last name “Grey.” But I realize that’s too forward, so I add, “Black.”
He raises an eyebrow.
“I mean, not that I exclusively like black men,” I say, trying to recover. “I like other kinds of tea. And men.”
“Have you ever tasted...white tea, Anna?”



“You know you've reached a new plateau of group mediocrity when even a Canadian is alarmed by your lack of individuality.”



“Awake,chaos:we have napped.”



“I've been thinking of installing a train in my house. It could bring me shrimp crackers from the kitchen.”



“When you walk into a chocolate store, suddenly the most difficult decision you will ever have to make in your life, is which chocolates to pick! It is pure torture! Especially when you are in Belgium surrounded by Belgian chocolates!”

“It was amazing how a crisis could concentrate some minds while others went to pieces. Things had gone disastrously wrong in the last few days for Adam. His only worry before finding the book had been how to keep his girlfriend Linda without marrying her in the process. A contest he had lost.”



“Some people avoid thinking deeply in public, only because they are afraid of coming across as suicidal.”

“An Ass put on a Lion's skin and went
About the foreset with much merriment,
Scaring the foolish beasts by brooks and rocks,
Till at last he tried to scare the Fox. But Reynard, hearing from beneath the mane
That Raucous voice so petulant and vain,
Remarked. O' Ass, I too would run away,
But that I know your old familiar bray'.
That's just the way with asses, just the way.”

“He unlaced his arms and took a step forward. "You hurt?"
"Not badly." She tried to smile, but her lips only curved on one side. "My main problem is that I'm stuck to a cactus."
(...)
"How'd you manage to get tangled up with a cactus?" J.T. crouched beside her and started extricating her from the prickly plant.
"Well, believe it or not, I was on my way to apologize to you when a prairie-dog hole jumped up and grabbed my shoe heel.”



“On a Tuesday they were we, and by Friday they were dead and they buried them in the courtyard side by side, oh, my love, and they buried them dies by side" breaking away from Gideon with some reluctance, Sophie, rose to her feet and dusted off her dress. "Please forgive me, my dear Mr. Lightwood-I mean Gideon- but I must go murder the cook. I shall be directly back.”



“Since I had a soft spot for zombies and my curiosity was killing me, I opted for plan Z.”



“After all, what else is scientific enquiry of any sort other than a controlled version of banging one's head against the universe until something gives?”

“He’d done it like he did everything else—with passion and total disregard for how much it might embarrass her.”



“I see now that there is a great deal in what Aunt Almeria says. She considers that there are terrible pitfalls in Society."
Sir Richard shook his head sadly. "Alas, too true!"
"And vice," said Pen awfully. "Profligacy, and extravagance, you know."
"I know."
She picked up her knife and fork again. "It must be very exciting," she said enviously.”



“He should probably make love to her.”



“Misery, thy name is Mudslide”



“Mr Wisdom,' said the girl who had led him into the presence.
'Ah,' said Howard Saxby, and there was a pause of perhaps three minutes, during which his needles clicked busily. 'Wisdom, did she say?'
'Yes. I wrote "Cocktail Time"'
'You couldn't have done better,' said Mr Saxby cordially. 'How's your wife, Mr Wisdom?'
Cosmo said he had no wife.
'Surely?'
"I'm a bachelor.'
Then Wordsworth was wrong. He said you were married to immortal verse. Excuse me a moment,' murmured Mr Saxby, applying himself to the sock again. 'I'm just turning the heel. Do you knit?'
'No.'
'Sleep does. It knits the ravelled sleave of care.'
(After a period of engrossed knitting, Cosmo coughs loudly to draw attention to his presence.)
'Goodness, you made me jump!' he (Saxby) said. 'Who are you?'
'My name, as I have already told you, is Wisdom'
'How did you get in?' asked Mr Saxby with a show of interest.
'I was shown in.'
'And stayed in. I see, Tennyson was right. Knowledge comes, but Wisdom lingers. Take a chair.'
'I have.'
'Take another,' said Mr Saxby hospitably.”

“If you ever need to confirm that a girl is worth coming back from Hell for, show her your monster arm and see what she says.”



“The man behind the check-in counter gives the impression that he has just axe-murdered the motel's owner (and family, and family pet) and is going through these procedures of hostelry so as not to arouse suspicion.”



“Clever move. Using humour to deflate my murderous intent.”



“[Lennie meets Joe - he works out that she was named after John Lennon]
I nod. "Mom was a hippie." This is northern Northern California after all - the final frontier of freakerdom. Just in the eleventh grade we have a girl named Electricity, a guy named Magic Bus, and countless flowers: Tulip, Begonia, and Poppy - all parent-given-on-the-birth-certificate names. Tulip is a two-ton bruiser of a guy who would be the star of out football team if we were the kind of school that has optional morning meditation in the gym”

“Honestly, we don't kick or bite or throw potatoes at all our guests."
A crooked smile touched Lord Bradford's lips.
"Your family has spirit," he said, taking his hat from Azalea. "I enjoyed the evening."
"Well, yes, you've just come from a war," said Azalea.”




“You make a good point,' Fletcher conceded. 'See, there's a reason why you're the girl and I'm the boy. You think about things while I...'
'Don't?'
'Exactly,' he said happily.”



“You can't believe everything people tell you - not even if those people are your own brain.”



“[...]Are both of you...?"
"Manscaped?" Dante smiled. "I'm fucking Italian; I been mowing my lawn since I was thirteen.”



“Mr. D," Grover asked timidly, "if you're not going to eat it, could I have your Diet Coke can?”



“Even from far away, I could see people being chased by hellhounds, burned at the stake, forced to run naked through cactus patches or listen to opera music.”



“I[John/Four] scratched Bernie Kosar's head. I don't think I could get used to calling him Hadley, but maybe I could get used to calling Six Maren Elizabeth. "I think you should take on a human name," I say. "If not Maren Elizabeth, then something else. I mean, at least for when we're in front of strangers."
Everyone grows silent, and I reach behind me into the Chest for the velvet bag holding the Lorien's solar system. I set the six planets and the sun in my palm and watch them hover and glow to life. As the planets begin to orbit their sun, I find that I am able to dim their brightness with my mind. I intentionally lose myself in them, successfully forgetting just for a few moments that I might ba seeing Sarah soon.
Six turns to look at the faint solar system that floats in front of my chest, and then she finally says. "I don't know; I still like the name Six. Maren Elizabeth was when I was a different person, and right now Six just feels right. It can be short for something if Someone asks."
Sam looks over. "For what? Sixty?”



“Just because he likes the same bizzaro crap as you doesn't mean he's your soul mate.”

“Martin, at my age, eroticism is reduced to enjoying caramel custard and looking at widows' necks.”



“Six a.m.!" Xander cried. "I know that's a number on my clock, but I've never actually been awake to personally witness it!”



“What could she have done? She was a heroine, and with that came certain obligations.”



“Am sorry to note that abuse and condemnation of a common acquaintance often constitutes very strong bond of union between otherwise uncongenial spirits.”

“I'm living so far beyond my means that we may almost be said to be living apart.”



“He once told me that an August evening was "as hot as three toads in a Cuisinart," a comparison that left me blinking two days later.”



“There was a piece of ornamental water immediately below the parapet, on the other side, into which Mr. James Harthouse had a very strong inclination to pitch Mr. Thomas Gradgrind Junior.”



“Jake became excruciatingly aware of her, there, right behind him. The small grunts and groans as she placed each foot carefully on the slick ground reverberated in his gut. He wanted to turn around and tell her to shut the hell up.
She sounded as though she was having sex.
Good sex.”



“Tatiana is a ridiculously curvy thing of dreams, with smooth succulent thighs, long strawberry blond cascading beneath a teal bandana, and a nympho sparkle in her eyes that says pick me, lick me, spank me, or I punish you. Raw innocence and mayhem at once.”

“i won't be happy until i'm famous like God”

“Dorina?" Louis Cesare's voice was loud in my ear. The one I had squeezed against the
phone, which was squeezed against my sore shoulder, becuase I was using both hands to
keep Ray's point in his pants.
"The fey, damm it!" I told him. "They're for the fey!"
"Which one?" Louis Cesare asked, his voice going velvety soft.
"All of them- No Ray! Ray, cut it out!"
"All of them?”



“Хей, тръстиковата ми флейта още е здрава!" - извика Гроувър. - "Ако успея да си спомня песента за намиране на пътека, ще се измъкнем от гората!"
Изсвири няколко тона, но мелодията подозрително наподобяваше Хилари Дъф.”



“It's spider season. Every year, right about now, thousands of the godless eight-legged bastards emerge from the bowels of hell (or the garden, whichever's nearest) with the sole intention of tormenting humankind.”

“Alexia sighed. "It is times like this I wish I could talk to my mother."
"Good gracious, what good would that do, madam?" Floote was moved to speak by the outrageousness of Alexia's statement.
"Well, whatever she said, I could simply take the opposite point of view.”



“Books are well written, or badly written. That is all.”



“My shift isn’t over until six,” I say glumly.
“Hold on,” he says. He pulls a Blackberry from his coat pocket and taps out a text. It buzzes, and he taps out another text before stashing it back in his pocket. “I think you can take the rest of the afternoon off.”
“I only have a week left, but my boss would kill me,” I say.
“I’m your boss, Anna.”
“What do you mean?”
There’s that smile again, the one with all those teeth. “I just bought Walmart,” he says.”



“She moved closer to me, put her hands to my face, and kissed me softly on the lips.
God, it felt so good.
So perfect, so right...
It felt so good, I nearly fell off the roof.”



“Lyra had never seen such a sight, never heard such a bellow; it was like a mountain laughing.”



“He took the pen and book from her and faltered.
“Just write anything – anything trivial that won't matter if it comes to pass.”
“Erm...” God, he was useless at this.
Elena's hair turned blue.
“Hey!”
“What?”
“I don't want blue hair! What the hell did you write that for?”
“It seemed trivial.”
“Blue hair – blue? That's trivial? What if I can't undo it?”
Karl stared at her blankly. His throat went dry. He felt like a total dickhead, but writing really wasn't his strong point, so he went for humour instead and flashed her a grin.
“I was going to write that all your clothes fall off, but figured you may have a problem with that. This was the second thing that came to mind.”
(Karl and Elena)”



“Miss Runcible wore trousers and Miles touched up his eye-lashes in the dining-room of the hotel where they stopped for luncheon. So they were asked to leave.”



“You," I surmised, and gestured round. "Thank you."
"No," he denied. His pale hair floated out from beneath his cap in a halo as he shook his head. "But I assisted. Thank you for bathing. It makes my task of checking on you less onerous. I'm glad you're awake. You snore abominably."
I let this comment pass. "You've grown." I observed.
"Yes. So have you. And you've been sick. And you slept quite a long time. And now you're awake and bathed and fed. You still look terrible. But you no longer smell. It's late afternoon now. Are there any other obvious facts you'd like to review?”



“The captain was a good chess player, and the games were always interesting. Yossarian had stopped playing chess with him because the games were so interesting they were foolish.”

“Every man is surrounded by a neighborhood of voluntary spies.”

“Then they gave me a loaf of bread and told me to walk through the forest and give some to anyone who asked. I did exactly what they told me, and the second beggar-woman was a fairy in disguise, but instead of saying that whenever I spoke, diamonds and roses would drop from my mouth, she said that since I was so kind, I would never have any problems with my teeth.”
“Really? Did it work?”
“Well, I haven’t had a toothache since I met her.”
“I’d much rather have good teeth than have diamonds and roses drop out of my mouth whenever I said something”




“I was not so comfortable with my new authority that I could say 'We eat the chicken now!' but the magus had seen that I was considering it...
"My purse is full enough," said the magus, "to keep you supplied with roast chickens."
"So, so, so," I said. "We know who the power behind the throne is," and the magus laughed.
"You eat more than Gen did after prison," he said.
"I have more sympathy with him all the time. Are you going to finish that drumstick?" I asked.
"I am. Stop staring at it.”



“Blessed are the meek, for to them we shall say, 'attaboy'.”



“Pops added,"you know, they say if you don't vote, you get the government you deserve."
"And if you do, you never get the results you expected," (Katherine) replied.”



“I'm going to see if Morris has a spare spine lying around you can borrow if you're scared to speak to that high-heeled, smug-ass bitch, Peabody.”



“The lot of the bride
to be wed before bed
desired until rotten.
The lot of the author
to be read before bed
admired then forgotten.”

“Stupid werewolf ninja sperm.”

“The average IQ in America is—and this can be proven mathematically—average.”

“How do I look?" he asked.
Barret grinned. "Old."
Moog glanced over appraisingly. "Tired."
Gabriel snorted a laugh. "Fuck you guys.”



“The cook was a good cook, as cooks go; and as cooks go, she went.”



“He dunked his tea bag and watched the results critically. “I really must get a new supplier. This tea is pathetic. America just doesn’t understand tea at all.”



“You set fire to my house, killed my family, and ate my dog. But steal my boyfriend? That's a step too far.”



“Swans sing before they die— 't were no bad thing
Should certain persons die before they sing.”

“THING TO TRY: If you are asked to describe a suspect to a police sketch artist, describe in precise detail, the features of the police sketch artist. This is one of the rare instances where two people can do one self-portrait.”



“Don't talk for five minutes, there's a good chap! I've a strange feeling come over me--almost as if I were going to think!”



“Alltami (n.)
The ancient art of being able to balance the hot and cold shower taps.”



“Sure, at some level scientists know nanobots will destroy mankind. They just can't resist seeing how it happens.”



“The decker these ***holes brought with them is top tier, but I'm going to stomp his jelly beans so hard his kids will be born crooked.”



“Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today? 1) Writing his memoirs of the Civil War. 2) Advising the President. 3) Desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin. ”

“Never in all her life had she imagined that this idolized millinery could look, to those who paid for it, like the decorations of an insane monkey.”



“Don't Stop Believing”



“Personally, I don’t think there's intelligent life on other planets. Why should other planets be any different from this one?”

“The advantage of being married a long time was that one could argue without the necessity of the other's actual, physical presence.”

“I was glad to be made aware
that “Veimke” (jeune fille au pair),
is subject to natural law,
and can be made fat,
by such things as poor diet,
and alcohol.”

“The man in 4B wondered if he could have your autograph. He told me his daughter is a huge fan.”
Fan? What the hell?
Dylan lifted himself up and looked over the back of his seat.
Since when did covert operators have fans?
”



“None of us like to think we are silly. But all must acknowledge that they are capable of silliness, from time to time”



“Lucky Luke: I wonder how you manage to read with everything that's going on.
Jolly Jumper: By turning the pages just like everyone else.”



“Valuable and ingenious he might be, thought Jack, fixing him with his glass, but false he was too, and perjured. He had voluntarily sworn to have no truck with vampires, and here, attached to his bosom, spread over it and enfolded by one arm, was a greenish hairy thing, like a mat - a loathsome great vampire of the most poisonous kind, no doubt. ‘I should never have believed it of him: his sacred oath in the morning watch and now he stuffs the ship with vampires; and God knows what is in that bag. No doubt he was tempted, but surely he might blush for his fall?’
No blush; nothing but a look of idiot delight as he came slowly up the side, hampered by his burden and comforting it in Portuguese as he came.
‘I am happy to see that you were so successful, Dr Maturin,’ he said, looking down into the launch and the canoes, loaded with glowing heaps of oranges and shaddocks, red meat, iguanas, bananas, greenstuff. ‘But I am afraid no vampires can be allowed on board.’
‘This is a sloth,’ said Stephen, smiling at him. ‘A three-toed sloth, the most affectionate, discriminating sloth you can imagine!’ The sloth turned its round head, fixed its eyes on Jack, uttered a despairing wail, and buried its face again in Stephen’s shoulder, tightening its grip to the strangling-point.”



“A dog has got human eyes.”

“So what does that actually mean?'
'To be honest, Ghastly, I haven't a bull's notion.'
'Elder Bespoke should be addressed by his full title,' Tipstaff said.
'Of course,' Skulduggery said. 'To be honest, Your Highness, I haven't a bull's notion.”




“-You forgot something important!
-What?
-It's under my sweater!
-WHAT?!
-Me!”



“Mr. Vey, you cannot be stuffed into a locker without your consent." Dallstrom said, which may be the dumbest thing ever said in a school. "You should have resisted. That's like blaming someone who was struck by lightning for getting in the way.”



“We Slovenians are even better misers than you Scottish. You know how Scotland began? One of us Slovenians was spending too much money, so we put him on a boat and he landed in Scotland.”

“And I'm not saying it's a bad song, you know, or anything like that. All I'm saying is that if you get, I don't know, a broom, say, and dip it in some brake fluid, put the other end up my arse, stick me on a trampoline in a moving lift, and I would write a better song on the walls. That's all I'm saying.”

“Life sometimes reminds us that it is sometimes heartless by giving something or someone we really need to someone who does not need or even want them or it.”

“The emperor is naked!"
The parade stopped. The emperor paused. A hush fell over the crowd, until one quick-thinking peasant shouted:
"No, he isn't. The emperor is merely endorsing a clothing-optional lifestyle!”

“Are you scared? I understand. The first time I saw my reflection in the mirror, even I was frightened by how BIG my reflection was.”

“Bel Air, I am convinced, was laid out by some diabolic sadist who deliberately decided not to use a compass or a surveyor.”



“It is illegal to yell “fire” in a crowded theater. If there is a fire, please yell something else instead, like “Flames!” or “Smoke maker!” or “Bad hot!”



“Dr. Jules Hilbert: Hell Harold, you could just eat nothing but pancakes if you wanted.
Harold Crick: What is wrong with you? Hey, I don't want to eat nothing but pancakes, I want to live! I mean, who in their right mind in a choice between pancakes and living chooses pancakes?
Dr. Jules Hilbert: Harold, if you pause to think, you'd realize that that answer is inextricably contingent upon the type of life being led... and, of course, the quality of the pancakes. ”



“Z is for Zillah who drank too much gin.”

“Even the intellectual crowd will have none of me. Physically, I look like one of them. Graying at the temples, I walk with a slight limp and wear thick glasses.”

“I got to eavesdrop at a window. As Clay said, I did have another option. I could wait in the car and let them fill me in later. So, eavesdropping it was.”



“Most people want to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.”

“Life is a process during which one initially gets less and less dependent, independent, and then more and more dependent.”

“What the hell am I doing...? Escape holding myself as a hostage...? I won't be able to make it like that...”

“New Year's Eve, where auld acquaintance be forgot. Unless, of course, those tests come back positive.”

“May a man live well-, and long-enough, to leave many joyful widows behind him.”

“All right." He straightened up and seemed to be true to his promise to let it go. "I will be a man about this."
That lasted until he saw the scratches on the hood from the mountain lion and the front fender, Where Abigail had dragged it off the driveway.
Wailing, he went to it and sank to his knees. He sprawled over the hood and laid his head on the damaged fender. "I'm so sorry, Bets. I should of hidden the keys. Booted your tires. Something. I had know idea anyone would hurt you so, baby. I swear I'll never let anyone hurt you again. Ayyy, how could they do this to you? How? Oh the humanity!”



“I love Sherlock Holmes. I've got all his books, leather-bound. What I thought was great about Sherlock Holmes was that not only was he a supersleuth, he was also a hard worker. Not only did he go out and solve the crimes, he came home and wrote it all down. Fantastic. That's why I admire him.”



“He couldn’t just come right out with it, could he? No, that would scare her off. He had to be subtle, build up to it. Explain himself.
“I love you.”
Of course, straight to the point was also an effective strategy.”



“A Prayer was like a tickle.Sooner or later God would have to look down to see what was tickling his bum.”



“The thinner the excuse, the fatter the reason for it.”

“The desire to be a politician should bar you for life from ever becoming one.”
"Don't vote. It just encourages them....”

“A book can give you an experience of someone’s life in a few hours, and this is far more profitable than any sale that’s going on.”



“I believe that if it were left to artists to choose their own labels, most would choose none.”

“Because we live in a world under siege,” I say. “Life sucks for mages and magicians-
you
taught me that. Bad things happen to those of us who get involved, but if we didn't fight, we'd be in an even worse state. None of it it’s your fault, any more than it’s the fault of the moon or the stars.”
Dervish nods slowly, then arches an eyebrow “
The moon or the stars?
”
“I always get poetic when I'm dealing with self-pitying simpletons.”



“Then what do we call you?" another of the heat forms asked.
"We are Rutan."
"Our species need something a little more particular," the first heat form of the Time Lord said. "I think we’ll call you Fred, for ease of reference.”



“Time to start getting more sleep. This beautiful physique needs royal treatment.”



“Grover and Nico came back from their walk, and Grover helped me fix up my wounded arm.
"It's green!" Nico said with delight.”




“Fred and George turned to each other and said together, “Wow — we’re identical!”



“Hairy monkeyballs!” I hiss. “Dogshit on a stick! Puke pancakes!”
A head pokes in. Wren, green eyes smiling, walks over to my bed.
“I knew you were awake. Who else spews such original and captivating swears?”



“Just because your lover died doesn't mean you can't find another. Besides, if
you don't start dating again your parents will intervene and I've met your parents, they scare the crap out of me."
Anthony shivered at the memory of his parents'
matchmaking skills. "Last time they fixed me up with a fairy."
Steven snorted. "I thought you didn't like labels."
"No. He was an actual fairy, you know, from Faeland."
That got Steven's full attention. "What happened?"
Anthony shrugged. "Let's just say it didn't work out.”



“First of all, you must never speak of anything by its name -- in that country. So, if you see a tree on a mountain, it will be better to say 'Look at the green on the high'; for that's how they talk -- in that country. And whatever you do, you must find a false reason for doing it -- in that country. If you rob a man, you must say it is to help and protect him: that's the ethics -- of that country. And everything of value has no value at all -- in that country. You must be perfectly commonplace if you want to be a genius -- in that country. And everything you like you must pretend not to like; and anything that is there you must pretend is not there -- in that country. And you must always say that you are sacrificing yourself in the cause of religion, and morality, and humanity, and liberty, and progress, when you want to cheat your neighbour -- in that country."
Good heavens!" cried Iliel, 'are we going to England?”



“At some point I was a Happy African Feminist Who Does Not Hate Men and Who Likes to Wear Lip Gloss and High Heels for Herself and Not For Men.”



“Once, I asked my mom why stars shine. She said they were
night-lights, so the angels could find their way around in Heaven.
But when I asked my dad, he started talking about gas, and somehow
I put it all together and figured that the food God served caused
multiple trips to the bathroom in the middle of the night.”



“whoopdie-friggin-doo, fooled you!”



“He burst into the house and ate Grandma, an entirely valid course of action for a carnivore such as himself.”

“The name of the new religion," said Rumfoord, "is The Church of God the Utterly Indifferent.”

“John Brooke is acting dreadfully, and Meg likes it!”



“Anyone who thinks money can't buy happiness has never owned a cat [or any pet].”

“He's all right. His hair is cute."
Jonas froze, his lobster fork halfway to his mouth. " Oh my God, you're in love."
"I'm not in love."
"'his hair is cute'? You never say anything nice about anyone. Coming from you, cute hair is a mating call."
" I talked to the guy for thirty seconds. And then he waved at me while i was in the tank."
"Holy fuck, you're getting married, aren't you!"
" Will you simmer. I certainly am not.”



“But we all had an agreement to let each other get away with everything! That's Capitalism!”

“There was a deep silence, only scraped on its surfaces by the faint quiver of empty seed-plumes, and broken grass-blades trembling in small air-movements they could not feel.
'Not a bird!' said Sam mournfully.
'No, no birds,' said Gollum. 'Nice birds!' He licked his teeth. 'No birds here. There are snakeses, wormses, things in the pools. Lots of things, lots of nasty things. No birds,' he ended sadly.
Sam looked at him with distaste.”



“It was a smooth silvery voice that matched her hair. It had a tiny tinkle in it, like bells in a doll's house. I thought that was silly as soon as I thought of it.”



“Had that poor Reilly kook really been proud of Levy Pants? He had always said that he was. That was one good sign of his insanity.”



“I don't see what my arse has to do with enchantings!”

“Damn straight" said Connor. " So yeah, I look at you and I could suck start a leaf blower, or drill a Kevin-shaped body hole into the wall, like a cartoon.”



“Is there somebody out there? Amy, is that you?” her mother called.
“No. Tell me this isn’t happening.” Quinn rested his forehead against hers. “Has she got a wiretap on you or something? I swear, she’s like a walking hard-on detector.”
Amy bit her lip, trying not to laugh. Quinn levered himself up on his arms.
“Mrs. P., if you value your life, you’ll go back inside and turn off the light right now.”



“It was a trap. It was so obviously a trap.
Darquesse smiled.”



“Fredrika Bimm, what do you think you're doing?"
"Freaking out. Losing my mind. Thinking about snapping your husband's spine. Squashing the urge to vomit. Wishing I had died at childbirth."
"Oh, you say that when you don't get a prize in your Lucky Charms.”



“I could eat a knob at night.”



“He'll have that scar forever."
"Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?"
"Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground.”



“He's never known anything like it! But then, he has never known anything to write home about, so this is nothing to write home about. ”



“Individuality: ten. Cautiousness: three. Combativeness: nine." She looked over and gave me a wink. "Well, what did you expect from a pirate's daughter? Hope: eight. Amativeness. What's that?"
Kate acutally blushed. "I think it has something to do with your attractiveness to the opposite sex."
"Ten," said Nadira, smiling modestly.
(Skybreaker by Kenneth Oppel)”

“It was like being leaned on by a very heavy, warm brick. A sexy brick.”



“Why can’t people just learn to live together in peace and harmony?” said Arthur.
Ford gave a loud, very hollow laugh.
“Forty-two!” he said with a malicious grin. “No, doesn’t work. Never mind.”



“America is a land where a citizen will cross the ocean to fight for democracy - and wont cross the street to vote in a national election.”

“Sometimes I regret going into that public toilet with your father.’
‘Then practice safe sex, Mama!!’
‘We were! There was a fight in the bar and we took cover in the public toilets!!”



“Some people talk about other people’s failures with so much pleasure that you would swear they are talking about their own successes.”

“Fine. You stay here. I shall return when I’ve found food. But when you all faint from hunger later don’t think you can just feed on me.”




“I love you.'
'Yeah, well...'
'You make my heart want to beat.'
'That's nice and creepy. But I'm with Fletcher.(...) Also, these proclamations of your undying love for me are getting kind of... it's a bit much to be honest. Just hold back a little.'
'But my love for you is eternal.'
'That's exactly the kind of thing I'm talking about.”



“My theory on housework is, if the item doesn't multiply, smell, catch fire, or block the refrigerator door, let it be. No one else cares. Why should you?”

“As women glide from their twenties to thirties, Shazzer argues, the balance of power subtly shifts. Even the most outrageous minxes lose their nerve, wrestling with the first twinges of existential angst: fears of dying alone and being found three weeks later half-eaten by an Alsatian.”



“Whirrun ignored ‘em. ‘Then, when I’ve got two cut,’ and he dropped a pale slab of cheese on one slice then slapped the other on top like he was catching a fly, ‘I trap the cheese between then, and there you have it!’
‘Bread and cheese.’ Yon weighed the half-loaf in one hand and the cheese in the other. ‘Just the same as I’ve got.’ And he bit off the cheese and tossed it to Scorry.
Whirrun sighed. ‘Have none of you no vision?’ He held up his masterpiece to such light as there was, which was almost none. ‘This is no more bread and cheese than a fine axe is wood and iron, or a live person is meat and har.’
‘What is it, then?’ asked Drfod, rocking back from his wet wood and tossing the flint aside in disgust.
‘A whole new thing. A forging of the humble part of bread and cheese into a greater whole. I call it … a cheese-trap.’ Whirrun took a dainty nibble from one corner. ‘Oh, yes, my friends. This tastes like … progress…”



“When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.”

“If you don't remove your hands immediately, I will render you unable to biologically maintain life.”



“Does Uncle Bob have anything?"
"I heard he has an STD."
"I mean on the women."
"Oh, I have no idea if they have any STDs.”



“Cheese!" I exclaimed. It was a secret prayer, whose meaning was known only to God and to me.”



“I said alone!”
He nodded in agreement. “Aye, you usually say that, and I still stay. It’s our way.”



“If countries were named after the words you first hear when you go there, England would have to be called "Damn It".”



“When I was kidnapped as a child my parents sent a letter to the hijackers me Pay 5,000 dollars or your back”

“Sasha snorted. "I have never in my extremely long life seen anyone take so long to answer a question. It's like you went into your brain and got lost. you need a bread crumb, buddy?" He made a noise like he was calling his pet. "Here Lassie, here. Come back girl.”



“Cheat? Good heavens, this is an amateur cricket match amongst leading prep schools, I'm an Englishman and a schoolmaster supposedly setting an example to his young charges. We are playing the most artistic and beautiful game ever devised. Of course I'll cunting well cheat. Now, give me my robe and put on my crown. I have immortal longings in me.”



“We’re adults. I might be a little more of an adult if you’re counting years but I bet I have a lower IQ, so that puts us pretty much even.”



“How would it be,” said Pooh slowly, “if, as soon as we’re out of sight of this Pit, we try to find it again?”
“What’s the good of that?” said Rabbit.
“Well,” said Pooh, “we keep looking for Home and not finding it, so I thought that if we looked for this Pit, we’d be sure not to find it, which would be a Good Thing, because then we might find something that we weren’t looking for, which might be just what we were looking for, really.”
“I don’t see much sense in that,” said Rabbit.
“No,” said Pooh humbly, “there isn’t. But there was going to be when I began it. It’s just that something happened to it on the way.”

“The Captain of the Watch says if you're still in the City by sunrise he will personally have you buried alive.”



“The rottweiler stood his ground and waited for me to take the next step in the dance of ritualized intimidation. Instead, I leaped at him. Screw ritual. Now was not the time to stand on ceremony.”



“Congratulations.
You've just been demoted from the "pity" sector to the "apathy" sector.
To check the validity of this offer you can ask if anyone cares.
To cancel your subscription, go get a life.
Thank you.”

“Xander Harris: "Just when you think you know a guy he robs a mass grave and takes off.”



“Bowman turned his back on her and began to search the place methodically and exhaustively. When one searches any place, be it a gypsy caravan or a baronial mansion, methodically and exhaustively, one has to wreck it completely in the process.So, in a orderly and systematic fashion, Bowman set about reducing Czerda's caravan to a total ruin.”



“We never actually have serious conversations about anything for more than 20 seconds. So there’s a beautiful superficiality to our relationship which sometimes gets covered up by all the genuine affection flowing back and forth.”



“Fish and company start to smell after three days.”



“Three Denises wobbled in front of her, all of them watching her with fond concern. “You’re a sweetie. I appreciate you cheering me on from the sidelines. But I think I need to go to the bathroom now and throw up.”



“Which college?'
'Hmm?'
'Which college do you go to?'
Fletcher nodded. 'Yes.'
'I'm sorry?'
'Oh,' Fletcher said, and laughed.
Valkyrie's parents looked at Fletcher in near bewilderment. Fletcher looked back at them in total bewilderment. Valkyrie shook her head.”



“I thought the fart was a human thing. It's something to do with like, arse cheeks, or whatever.”



“I attributed their behavior to the fact that they didn't have a TV, but television didn't teach you everything. Asking for candy on Halloween was called trick-or-treating, but asking for candy on November first was called begging, and it made people uncomfortable. This was one of the things you were supposed to learn simply by being alive, and it angered me that the Tomkeys did not understand it.”



“Looking at a king's mouth, ' said an old man, 'one would think he never sucked at his mother's breast.”



“Because—because I'm a monster!"
James rolled his eyes. "You're being dramatic. You fold your socks, Remus. Forgive me if I'm not trembling at the sight of you.”



“Oh! That was poetry!" said Pippin. "Do you really mean to start before the break of day?”




“I would never say snog. I would say osculate." She looks at me as if to say: why do you exist?”



“The only thing worse than fighting a giant scorpion was fighting a giant scorpion who was trying to protect her young.”



“I had never before been a special fan of that great comedian Phyllis Diller, but she utterly won my heart this week by sending me an envelope that, when opened, contained a torn-off square of brown-bag paper of the kind suitable for latrine duty in an ill-run correctional facility. Duly unfurled, it carried a handwritten salutation reading as follows:
Money's scarce
Times are hard
Here's your f******
Xmas card
I could not possibly improve on the sentiment, but I don't think it ought to depend on the current austerities. Isn't Christmas a moral and aesthetic nightmare whether or not the days are prosperous?”

“You are not the first, and will not be the last, to say so. I wear my “warped” label with pride.”



“Horses frighten me as much as chickens do,’ he said.
‘That is too bad, because lack of communication with horses has impeded human progress,’ said Abrenuncio. ‘If we ever broke down the barriers, we could produce the centaur.”

“I want you to know, chickens aren’t sexy. Not to me.”
This was met with silence.
“Are you there?” She was slurring her words now, which was embarrassing, so she took a deep breath. “Cam? Can you hear me?”
“Yes, chickens aren’t sexy. Uh…I don’t think they’re meant to be.”



“Now, what does a vampire do with a computer? Keep track of investments? Send e-mail to other vampires as you all plot to take over the world?” “I spend a lot of time on Wikipedia making corrections to the entries of historical figures I’ve known.” I blinked at him. “Really?” “No, Kitty. That was a joke.”



“Many people find bald, unvarnished truths so disturbing, they prefer to ram their heads in the sand and start dreaming at the first sign of scientific reality.”

“Honest to God, she was the noisiest woman he'd ever been shot at with.”



“It is better to be first with an ugly woman than the hundreth with a beauty.”

“How could you receive a member of the Male Sex in your bedroom, and in your dressing gown?Sir, I must request you to leave immediately!"
"You don't mean to tell me that's a dressing gown?" interrupted Mr Carlton, a dangerous gleam in his eyes." Well, it's by far the most elegant one I've ever been priviledged to see, and I suppose I must have seen scores of 'em in my time-paid for them too!”



“Fortunately (or unfortunately, depending on where you were sitting) Libby let off the smelliest, loudest fart known to humanity. It came out of her bum-oley with such force that she lifted off my knee - like a hovercraft. Even she looked surprised by what had come out of her.”



“I was coming down off the last painkiller left in my dresser drawer after Autumn tossed my stash. In that moment I was so groggy and happy I would have accepted a date with Oscar the Grouch - and planned to do some serious feeling up on the green furry beast too. Yeah, stooping to pharmaceutical-inspired sex fantasies about garbage can Sesame Street characters - that had to be the best Just Say No drug lecture a girl in a leg cast could ever receive to make her go cold turkey off the meds.”



“« Je suis persuadé que chaque fois qu'un homme sourit et mieux encore lorsqu'il rit, il ajoute quelque chose à la durée de sa vie.»”



“I gather you yellow-skinned men, despite your triumphs in sewage, drinking water, and Olympic gold medals, still don't have democracy. Some politician on the radio was saying that that's why we Indian are going to beat you: we may not have sewage, drinking water, and Olympic gold medals, but we do have democracy.
If I were making a country, I'd get the sewage pipes first, then the democracy, then I'd go about giving pamphlets and statues of Gandhi to other people, but what do I know? I am just a murderer!”

“Some people just don’t find their Prince Charming straight away, they have to search for him.”



“Is she dead?" called Zenda.
Sort of," I shouted, "And the pizza's completely fucked too.”

“Me? I like wearing a condom. It means I'm having sex. I already spend most of my time NOT wearing one. It's like a tuxedo - I enjoy putting one on for special occasions.”



“Incidentally, I only have one cavity, and as much as my dentist asks me to, I just can't bring myself to floss.”



“Christmas, as a practicing Catholic child, was seen as a reward for lots and lots and lots of church.”

“Doyle: "What is it now, then?"
Cordelia: "Isn't java supposed to be a coffee?"
Doyle: "Ready to abandon the the Web project?"
Cordelia: "No way. We have a chance here to make contact with the millions of people out there who are glued to their computers."
Doyle: "All those millions, shunning human contact. I'll never understand it. Call me old-fashioned, if you like, but I want to interface with a face, not a hunk of plastic and glass."
Cordelia: "Climb out of the Dark Ages, Munchkin man."
Doyle: "It's leprechaun, and either way, I don't appreciate the insult.”

“What sort of look are you going for?”
Damn, how did he answer this? “Something…normal,” he finally said.”



“Just leave me alone, I want to be alone,” she said when Jack tried to open the car door. She hit the lock, and wound the window up. Since the roof was down, it was a fairly pointless exercise.”



“The champagne had been donated by one of Gus's doctors - Gus being the kind of person who inspires doctors to give their best bottles of champagne to children.”



“Russ decided the best defense was a good offense. "I'm Russell Van Alstyne, Millers Kill chief of police." He held out his hand. She shook firm, like a guy.
"Clare Fergusson," she said. "I'm the new priest at Saint Alban's. That's the Episcopal Church. At the corner of Elm and Church." There was a faint testiness in her voice. Russ relaxed a fraction. A woman priest. If that didn't beat all.
"I know which it is. There are only four churches in town." He saw the fog creeping along the edges of his glasses again and snatched them off, fishing for a tissue in his pocket. "Can you tell me what happened, um..." What was he supposed to call her? "Mother?"
"I go by Reverend, Chief. Ms. is fine, too."
"Oh. Sorry. I never met a woman priest before."
"We're just like the men priests, except we're willing to pull over and ask directions.”



“I learned long ago that it is considered rude to vomit on your brother”



“What followed was for him a very entertaining spectacle, with one of Edward's brothers seemingly intent upon the most subtle of seductions and the other barely able to force malmsey past the gorge rising in his throat.”



“Whenever a woman tries to put you out of temper, turn the tables, and put HER out of temper instead. They are generally prepared for every effort you can make in your own defence, but that. One word does it as well as a hundred; and one word did it with Limping Lucy. I looked her pleasantly in the face; and I said—"Pooh!”



“The real purpose of the opposition is to minimize the amount of money the ruling party will have stolen from the people at the end of its term.”

“As for Percy, he held his magic ballpoint pen like he was trying to decide whether to bust out some sword moves or autograph Nike’s chariot.”




“When a man plans, a woman laughs.”



“La vie c’est comme la bicyclette : quand on arrête de pédaler on tombe.”

“I regret that I didn’t realize that actually they’ve got no power over you at school — it’s all just a trick to indoctrinate you into being a conditioned, tame, placid citizen. Rebel, children, I urge you, fight the turgid slick of conformity with which they seek to smother your glory.”



“When he didn't answer, she didn't know if it was because he couldn't or if he was back to not talking to her. Back to pushing her out of his life.
Men!
Why was it that boys said girls were so hard to understand, when she hadn't known a single guy who hadn't confused her to the point of screaming?”



“Do not demean yourself by stating the ridiculous," Grimalkin replied smoothly. Just because my species is vastly superior does not mean you should flaunt your idiocy freely. I know why you are here, dog."
"Really", Puck called, craning his head to look up at the cat. "Well then, would you like to share your theory, furball?”



“If you are not feeling well, if you have not slept, chocolate will revive you. But you have no chocolate! I think of that again and again! My dear, how will you ever manage?”

“Stephanie could see the greed seep into the watery eyes of her
father’s other brother, a horrible little man called Fergus, as he
nodded sadly and spoke sombrely and pocketed the silverware
when he thought no one was looking”



“I often arrive at quite sensible ideas and judgements, on the spur of the moment. It is when I stop to think that I become foolish.”



“Cat, you asked me before to find out if those dream -suppression pills had any side effects. I’ve checked with Pathology, and they said you might experience depression, mood swings, irritability, paranoia, and chronic fatigue. Have you noticed any of that?”



“I looked at the stained-glass image of the lamb in the window above me, but that only reminded me that lambs are famous for being led to slaughter, or sometimes hanging out with lions in ill-advised relationships.”



“Aberystwyth (n.)
A nostalgic yearning which is in itself more pleasant than the thing being yearned for.”



“He had them as spellbound as a room full of Ewoks listening to C-3PO.”



“I had always been warned that American didn't always get sarcasm”



“The groom should not see you in the dress just before the wedding, that’s bad luck. You know what’s worst luck? Is getting married, itself. I’ve read studies. It’s like 2 out of 3 of those end in divorce, sometimes more. 3 out of 2, some.”

“Look at you! You look like Rangeman Barbie. You got a gun and everything.
-Lula”

“I bought a packet of Trojan® Ultra Pleasure Extra Sensitive condoms: ‘No. 1 in AMERICA’. They smell nothing like a positive first sexual experience.”



“I wouldn’t have minded school if they taught you important things like how to have good sex and what brand of wine is the best… But for some reason they were hell bent on teaching me algebra”

“Be one of the crowd? It went against everything a wizard stood for, and a wizard would not stand for anything if he could sit down for it, but even sitting down, you had to stand out.”



“Some people have great ideas maybe once or twice in their life, and then they discover electricity or fire or outer space or something. I mean, the kind of brilliant ideas that change the whole world.
Some people never have them at all... I get them two or three times a week.”



“You remind me of an old cat I once had. Whenever he killed a mouse he would bring it into the drawing-room and lay it affectionately at my feet. I would reject the corpse with horror and turn him out, but back he would come with his loathsome gift. I simply couldn’t make him understand that he was not doing me a kindness. He thought highly of his mouse and it was beyond him to realize that I did not want it.
You are just the same with your chivalry. It’s very kind of you to keep offering me your dead mouse; but honestly I have no use for it. I won’t take favors just because I happen to be a female.”



“Tag opened the door to his knock, and with a look of disappointment, peered behind Wade.
"You got someone better coming over?" Wade asked him.
"Pizza," Tag said.”



“They say that maths is a language. So how do I order a pizza with extra cheese in maths?”

“Friday night was the night most people thought they were supposed to have fun. Trouble was most people didn't know what fun was or how to have it, so things usually ended up pretty ugly.”



“Every student should know that statues are meant for sitting. If we're to endure their terrible old faces leering at us, the least they can do is offer shade or a comfortable perch."
Nigel Bristow to Max McDaniels”

“Excuse me, your attention please.”
He waited until the whole floor had stopped what it was doing and turned to face him. For a split second his impulse control kicked in, but by then his mouth was fully engaged.
“For the record, Claire Marsden and I are not having sex.”



“I was playing Rasputin and what was motivating him was crumpet really, and I was extremely keen on crumpet so I was really rather good as Rasputin. And my next catastrophic failure was Macbeth, who I played in the style of a crumpet-lover, and then when Doctor Who came along, I embraced this lunacy, this cloud-cuckoo-land where people had to be convinced by absolute nonsense. I came from a very religious background, so it was easy for me to believe in something I knew nothing about.”

“Sadly, however, the sight of her generous D cups no longer sparked an ounce of interest from Little Sam, the man in charge of social activities.”



“I have been seeing dragons again.
Last night, hunched on a beaver dam,
one held a body like a badly held cocktail;
his tail, keeping the beat of a waltz,
sent a morse of ripples to my canoe.
They are not richly bright
but muted like dawns
or the vague sheen on a fly's wing.
Their old flesh drags in folds
as they drop into grey pools,
strain behind a tree.
Finally the others saw one today, trapped,
tangled in our badminton net.
The minute eyes shuddered deep in the creased face
while his throat, strangely fierce, stretched
to release an extinct burning inside:
pathetic loud whispers as four of us
and the excited spaniel surrounded him.”



“Look at Woden and his cheerily racist army of ethnic monocultured valkyrie fuck buddies.”

“Matthias joined them at the table. “The Shu woman we faced was stronger than me, Jesper, and Wylan put together.”
“You heard right,” said Jesper. “Stronger than Wylan.”




“Lord, my hands were made for blessing, but not my feet!”



“Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.”

“This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible. This was terrible with raisins in it.”

“People are all exactly alike. There's no such thing as a race and barely such a thing as an ethnic group. If we were dogs, we'd be the same breed. George Bush and an Australian Aborigine have fewer differences than a Lhasa apso and a toy fox terrier. A Japanese raised in Riyadh would be an Arab. A Zulu raised in New Rochelle would be an orthodontist. People are all the same, though their circumstances differ terribly.”

“I was tempted to tell her it was because we were British and actually had a sense of humour, but I try not to be cruel to foreigners, especially when they're that strung out.”



“Your body wages biological warfare on me.”



“They were small, brightly coloured, happy little creatures who secreted some of the nastiest toxins in the world, which is why the job of looking after the large vivarium where they happily passed their days was given to first-year students, on the basis that if they got things wrong there wouldn't be too much education wasted.”



“The lovely Hazard girls', they used to call them. Huh. Lovely is as lovely does; if they looked like what they behave like, they'd frighten little children.”



“Hey, don't you ever fake orgasms with me."
She huffed. "I don't get why guys get so pissed when girls do that. Hell, your gender can fake an actual relationship.”



“I learned early and at that kitchen table that there are ways of avoiding, without guilt, the commitments of love.”



“A bird in The Strand is worth two in Shepherds Bush”

“Igor?' said Moist. 'You have an Igor?'
Oh, yes,' said Hubert. 'That's how I get this wonderful light. They know the secret of storing lightning in jars! But don't let that worry you, Mr Lipspick. Just because I'm employing an Igor and working in a cellar doesn't mean I'm some sort of madman, ha ha ha!'
Ha ha,' agreed Moist.
Ha hah hah!,' said Hubert. 'Hahahahahaha!! Ahahahahahahhhhh!!!!!-'
Bent slapped him on the back. Hubert coughed.
Sorry about that, it's the air down here,' he mumbled.”



“I have notes in my bathroom, yellow notes, and I stick 'em on the mirror, things that happened that were uplifting boosters for me. Notes that say, "Today is special, make today count." And then I have one note on the mirror in the middle that says, "Look at the other notes.”

“You must master the vices. You know that if a thing is worth doing it's worth doing well. If, however, a thing is not worth doing then it's worth doing fabulously, amazingly, with grace, style and panache.”



“…and to all you other cats and chicks out there, sweet or otherwise, buried deep in wordy tombs, who never yet have walked from off the page, a shake and a hug and a kiss and a drink. Cheers!”



“My God - it's a green child!" said the American. "What is this place - the House of Usher?”



“No plaque reminds the passer-by of these glories, although there should be one; for those who invent biscuits bring great pleasure to many.”



“How do you know?”
“Well, I don’t, I’m making this up, but I bet I’m right.”

“If we had more reliable systems of law and governance perhaps our friendship would be shallower.”



“The human population would probably be way less than a thousand, if ejaculation were not usually accompanied by an orgasm.”

“Wow,” she said. “Do you realise how wonderful you sound?”
“Yes, I do,” he said with a firm nod. “And I think I’m underappreciated.”



“What sort of place lets you drive and vote and fuck before it lets you drink a beer?” ~Mark Cooper”



“There's only one thing to do in crisis like this - SLEEP ON IT!
Garfield, the cat.”

“My poetic aspiration
Is to become,
A Jack of all styles
And a master of pun.”



“How are we going to get out of here?"
"Oh, escape is easy once you have the right plan."
"
Do
we have the right plan?"
"Not yet."
"Do we have
any
plan?"
"Not yet.”



“They’d never get here in time. It’s easy. A lobotomized monkey could do it.” “And where are we going to find a lobotomized monkey at this time of night?”



“To start with, I know that the General didn't get on with his son, but seemed to prefer his nephew; I know that he disapproved violently of Miss de Silva, and behaved towards her with unparalleled cruelty."
"How much?" interrupted Dinah.
Harding replied with perfect gravity: "No absinthe, no shower in her bathroom..."
"Did she tell you all that?" said Dinah. "Don't you think she's rather good value?"
"Yes, but she wastes my time.”



“I didn't realise you'd ridden here on your high horse”



“For whatever reason, none of the women in this house cooked. He’d had to learn in order to survive.”



“Fred said, “Man, I think he’s gonna make a fuckin’ suit of human skin, using the best parts from each of us.”
“Holy crap,” said John. “He’ll be gorgeous.”




“Joel Cairo: You always have a very smooth explanation ready.
Sam Spade: What do you want me to do, learn to stutter?”



“I find that when people laugh it's usually because they're connecting and identifying in a way that they hadn't considered. That's my payoff. I'm not interested in other people thinking differently. I don't care. I'm just like yeast - I eat sugar and I shit alcohol. And there's a huge culture that goes with that. Alcohol creates massive shifts in world history, and it changes people's lives. People get pregnant because of alcohol. But the yeast doesn't give a fuck. The yeast isn't going, "I really want to help people loosen up and bring passion into Irish people's lives".”

“Yeah, you're a regular Mozart...well, except for the whole music thing.”



“If he decided to pursue Sienna...Sucking in a breath Indigo promised herself she'd warn the girl if and when the time came-because no woman should have to face that campaign unprepared.”



“Don't lose today by worrying about tomorrow!!!”

“...a kid, maybe eight years old, ran up and poked her in the ribs with a plastic laser weapon, making electric zinging noises as he repeatedly pulled the trigger. “You’re dead,” he said victoriously. His mother came hurrying up, looking harassed and helpless. “Damian, stop that!” She gave him a smile that was little more than a grimace. “Don’t bother the nice people.” “Shut up,” he said rudely. “Can’t you see they’re Terrons from Vaniot.”
The kid poked her in the ribs again. “Ouch!” He made those zinging noises again, taking great pleasure in her discomfort. She plastered a big smile on her face and leaned down closer to precious Damian, then cooed in her most alienlike voice, “Oh, look, a little earthling.” She straightened and gave Sam a commanding look. “Kill it.” Damian’s mouth fell open. His eyes went as round as quarters as he took in the big pistol on Sam’s belt. From his open mouth began to issue a series of shrill noises that sounded like a fire alarm. Sam cursed under his breath, grabbed Jaine by the arm, and began tugging her at a half-trot toward the front of the store. She managed to snag her purse from the buggy as she went past.
“Hey, my groceries!” she protested. “You can spend another three minutes in here tomorrow and get them,” he said with pent-up violence. “Right now I’m trying to keep you from getting arrested.”
“For what?” she asked indignantly as he dragged her out of the automatic doors. People were turning to look at them, but most were following the sounds of Damian’s shrieks to aisle seven. “How about threatening to kill that brat and causing a riot?”
“I didn’t threaten to loll him! I just ordered you to.”



“Luke opened the pizza box and, finding it empty, shut it with a sigh.
"Though you did eat all
the pizza."
"I only had five slices," Simon protested, leaning his chair backward so it
balanced precariously on
its two back legs.
"How many slices did you think were in a pizza, dork?" Clary wanted to
know.
"Less than five slices isn't a meal. It's a snack." Simon looked apprehensively at Luke. "Does this
mean you're going to
wolf out and eat me?”



“It kind of struck me how great it would be to go out with a guy that size. And if you, you know, got tired of dating him, you could always use him as a house or something.”



“Like a lot of people, I’ve always enjoyed commenting on strangers’ outfits. Unlike a lot of people, I now had a new megaphone to do it with. And, let me tell you, commenting on people’s hilarious clothing choices through a megaphone makes it so much better.”



“It's chick flick disguised as a sword-and-sorcery picture. The only genre film with less balls is probably... freakin'
Legend
. Anyone who actually enjoys
Ladyhawke
is a bona fide USDA-choice pussy!”



“Must be frustrating being a scientist. There you are, incrementally discovering how the universe works via a series of complex tests and experiments, for the benefit of all mankind - and what thanks do you get? People call you "egghead" or "boffin" or "heretic", and they cave your face in with a rock and bury you out in the wilderness.
Not literally - not in this day and age - but you get the idea. Scientists are mistrusted by huge swathes of the general public, who see them as emotionless lab-coated meddlers-with-nature rather than, say, fellow human beings who've actually bothered getting off their arses to work this shit out. ”

“If politics were a musical, it would be "Promises, Promises".”

“After a moment or two a man in brown crimplene looked in at us, did not at all like the look of us and asked us if we were transit passengers. We said we were. He shook his head with infinite weariness and told us that if we were transit passengers then we were supposed to be in the other of the two rooms. We were obviously very crazy and stupid not to have realized this. He stayed there slumped against the door jamb, raising his eyebrows pointedly at us until we eventually gathered our gear together and dragged it off down the
corridor to the other room. He watched us go past him shaking his head in wonder and sorrow at the stupid futility of the human condition in general and ours in particular, and then closed the door behind us.
The second room was identical to the first. Identical in all respects other than one, which was that it had a hatchway let into one wall. A large vacant-looking girl was leaning through it with her elbows on the counter and her fists jammed up into her cheekbones. She was watching some flies crawling up the wall, not with any great interest because they were not doing anything unexpected, but at least they were doing something. Behind her was a table stacked with biscuits, chocolate bars, cola, and a pot of coffee, and we headed straight towards this like a pack of stoats.
Just before we reached it, however, we were suddenly headed off by a man in blue crimplene, who asked us what we thought we were doing in there. We explained that we were transit passengers on our way to Zaire, and he looked at us as if we had completely taken leave of our senses.
'Transit passengers? he said. 'It is not allowed for transit passengers to be in here.'
He waved us magnificently away from the snack counter, made us pick up all our gear again, and herded us back through the door and away into the first room where, a minute later, the man in the brown crimplene found us again.
He looked at us. Slow incomprehension engulfed him, followed by sadness, anger, deep frustration and a sense that the world had been created specifically to cause him vexation. He leaned back against the wall, frowned, closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose.
'You are in the wrong room,' he said simply. `You are transit passengers. Please go to the other room.'
There is a wonderful calm that comes over you in such situations, particularly when there is a refreshment kiosk involved. We nodded, picked up our gear in a Zen-like manner and made our way back down the corridor to the second room. Here the man in blue crimplene accosted us once more but we patiently explained to him that he could fuck off.”



“I suddenly realize that I'm naked, which shouldn't bother me since it's the phone, but for some reason it does.
"How's it hanging?" Kyra asks and now I think I'm blushing. It's just an expression, but jeez!”



“If you cannot find an element of Humour in something, your not taking it seriously enough.”

“Dear Skeezie, Today I ran after a boy as he was trying to get away. I tackled him and we both landed in the mud. Do you think I appeared desperate?-Joe Bunch”



“Of course it hurt you neanderthal! See that? Thats blood. If theres blood, theres pain. Its like smoke and fire.”



“don't make me throw my boot at you, because I will, you grumpy high testosterone driven male”

“Did I say stab of Self Pity? No, I was trekking through the Swamp of Self Pity at this point, waist deep in my own stinking shit.”



“Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?”

“Suddenly he caught his reflection in the mirror behind her. His face was twisted into a dark scowl, and he was standing there naked, with a boner, and another man’s business card in his hand.
He looked like a dick.”



“The strong man lit a cigarette. It looked too frail for his hand. They looked like King Kong and Fay Wray, that hand, that cigarette. There was a movie going on right under his nose and he didn't even know. The guy had about one brain cell and he was doing time in it.”



“Did you just seriously quote Grease? I think I'm gonna have to revoke your man card.”



“I told her about the time that I got so tired of you stealing the sheets that in my sleep-weary logic I decided that the thing to do was to tie them around my legs, knot and all, and how, when you attempted to steal them that night, you ended up yanking me into you, and I was so startled that I sprang up, tripped, and was nearly concussed.”



“She opened her mouth, clamped it shut again. This was new, this sudden favor shown Gloucester, had been brought back with him from Burgundy like some malevolent foreign pox.”



“Removing his helmet, Edward knelt by the stream called Swillgate, a name that effectively quenched any desire to drink from its depths.”



“It was a basic tenet of faith with men of Ranulf’s class that a knight, trained in the ways of war since boyhood, could easily vanquish lesser foes, as much a belief in the superiority of blood and breeding as in the benefits of battle lore and killing competence. Ranulf had accepted this comforting conviction, too, but no one seemed to have told his assailants that they were inferior adversaries.”



“Geoffrey looked startled to see both his great-uncles bearing down upon him with such haste; he hadn’t realized men their age could move so fast.”



“All he wanted was enough time to consider all his options without being dragged into his household’s petty squabbles or being nagged by his wife about that damnable pilgrimage. Was that so much to ask?
Apparently so, for he’d yet to find a peaceful moment at Caen, not with Marguerite sulking and Aimar lurking and Will acting put-upon and Geoff wanting to lay plans and Richard strutting around as if he were the incarnation of Roland and poor Tilda grieving over Maman’s absence and his father refusing to heed any voice but his own.”



“I have a bit of an attitude problem.”




“He tends to go for girls who are-Shelby, honey? Put your hands over your ears for just a sec.” Back into the phone he said, “He likes the real slutty ones. Ow!” he yelled when he received a whop to the back of the head.”



“It is a truth universally acknowledged that a sane employee in possession of his wits must be in want of a good manager.”



“Some women do not masturbate for pleasure; they masturbate to make a political statement: to remind us that women do not really need men (or at least not as much and as frequently as every single male chauvinist and every single misogynist believes).”



“But I, when I undress me
Each night, upon my knees
Will ask the Lord to bless me
With apple-pie and cheese.”

“It was long after midnight and the stars looked damp and chilly; the air was full of the busy silence of the night, which is created by hundreds of small furry things treading very carefully in the hope of finding dinner while avoiding being the main course.”



“Higgledy piggledy, my black hen,
She lays eggs for gentlemen.
Gentlemen come every day
To count what my black hen doth lay.
If perchance she lays too many,
They fine my hen a pretty penny;
If perchance she fails to lay,
The gentlemen a bonus pay.
Mumbledy pumbledy, my red cow,
She’s cooperating now.
At first she didn’t understand
That milk production must be planned;
She didn’t understand at first
She either had to plan or burst,
But now the government reports
She’s giving pints instead of quarts.
Fiddle de dee, my next-door neighbors,
They are giggling at their labors.
First they plant the tiny seed,
Then they water, then they weed,
Then they hoe and prune and lop,
They they raise a record crop,
Then they laugh their sides asunder,
And plow the whole caboodle under.
Abracadabra, thus we learn
The more you create, the less you earn.
The less you earn, the more you’re given,
The less you lead, the more you’re driven,
The more destroyed, the more they feed,
The more you pay, the more they need,
The more you earn, the less you keep,
And now I lay me down to sleep.
I pray the Lord my soul to take
If the tax-collector hasn’t got it before I wake.”

“Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.”



“The search for a life-style involves a journey to the interior. This is not altogether a pleasant experience, because you not only have to take stock of what you consider your assets but you also have to take a long look at what your friends call “the trouble with you.” Nevertheless, the journey is worth making.”

“Dor woke again as dawn came. The sun had somehow gotten around to the east, where the land was, and dried off so that it could shine again.”



“A Drunkard accuses a Drunkard...
A sot became extremely drunk - his legs
And head sank listless, weighed by wine's thick dregs.
A sober neighbour put him in a sack
And took him homewards hoisted on his back.
Another drunk went stumbling by the first,
Who woke and stuck his head outside and cursed.
"Hey, you, you lousy dipsomaniac,"
He yelled as he was borne off in the sack,
"If you'd had fewer drinks, just two or three,
You would be walking now as well as me.”

“Yes, sir, there are things to see and do on the French Riviera without spending money.”



“Our Euripides the human,
With his droppings of warm tears,
and his touchings of things common
Till they rose to meet the spheres.”

“Going down in history is a dead end pursuit”

“If you removed all the arteries, veins, & capillaries from a person’s body, and tied them end-to-end…the person will die.”

“Reason number 106 why dogs are smarter than humans: once you leave the litter, you sever contact with your mothers.”



“Don’t know if it’s good or bad that a Google search on “Big Bang Theory” lists the sitcom before the origin of the Universe”

“Did you slip in some cheese? Did it make you hate cheese, which you had previously loved? Why not sue a cheese-maker? Sue him for all the cheese he's got, drive him out of the cheese-making business!
Did you burn your face with an iron? Why not sue Prometheus, the god that invented fire? Or an Iron Age chieftain, for having the temerity to popularise the metal.”

“The least we each ought to do for someone who treats us like a king or a queen is to treat them like a prince or a princess.”

“In reality most human beings are not, to most human beings, more important than money.”



“Smile and the world will laugh at you.”



“Par le bois du Djinn où s’entasse de l’effroi
Parle ! Bois du gin ou cent tasses de lait froid”

“There is nothing we can now call our own, for what we call so is the effect of art; crimes are made by decrees of the senate, or by the votes of the people; and as here-to-fore we are burdened by vices, so now we are oppressed by laws.”

“I asked my publisher what would happen if he sold all the copies of my book he'd printed. He said "I'll just print another ten.”

“There was a group of fans who wanted autographs, and several women who managed to write their phone numbers on Wade's hand before he pulled free.
Sam sent him an arched brow, but he just shrugged. He got numbers written on him a lot; he'd never figured out how to stop that from happening.”



“The truth is that I will always need you more than you need me. It’s also the truth that I’m not a good bet for someone as vital and young as you. I’m bad tempered, a perfectionist who is too serious, and too used to being on my own. You could go out tomorrow and find someone better for you, but the truth is that no one will ever need you like I do.” He pauses and then says firmly. “No one will ever love you like I do.”



“Ah, if only we were born roaring with laughter and took that emotional template through life with us! Whoever's in charge seriously messed up somewhere. I can only hope that right now, that selfsame Whoever is wryly relating their cock-up to some celestial colleague, who responds: 'Hey, you should put that in a book. LOL!”

“A kleptomaniac is a person who helps himself because he can't help himself”

“Hells yeah. You kidding? Gay men are hot.”



“There ain't half been some clever bastards”



“Sketchy black van? Weird stalking of my house? What are you going to do next, offer me some candy?”




“It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye. Then it's fun and games you can't see anymore.”

“I should say we’d reach England by Tuesday or thereabouts, with a decent wind behind us. It would be a lot quicker than that if we could just sail straight there, but I was looking at the nautical charts, and there’s a dirty great sea serpent right in the middle of the ocean! It has a horrible gaping maw and one of those scaly tails that looks like it could snap a boat clean in two. So I thought it best to sail around that.’

FitzRoy frowned. ‘I think they just draw those on maps to add a bit of decoration. It doesn’t actually mean there’s a sea serpent there.’

The galley went rather quiet. A few of the pirate crew stared intently out of the portholes, embarrassed at their Captain’s mistake. But to everyone’s relief, instead of running somebody through, the Pirate Captain just narrowed his eyes thoughtfully.

That explains a lot,’ he said. ‘I suppose it’s also why we’ve never glimpsed that giant compass in the corner of the Atlantic. I have to say, I’m a little disappointed.”



“Lord Teddie?" she said. "Will you stay for tea?"
"
Rather!
" said the carpet.”



“And so Mort came at last to the river Ankh, greatest of rivers. Even before it entered the city, it was slow and heavy with the silt of the plains, and by the time it got to The Shades even an agnostic could have walked across it. It was hard to drown in the Ankh, but easy to suffocate.”



“Love is like a lost fart. If you have to force it, it's probably shit.”



“I can't believe she's lived this long. God must be avoiding her.”



“Life is like yoga; the only way you can enjoy it is by relaxing into any position you happen to find yourself in.”



“For the first time since he showed up in my checkout lane, I let my eyes wander the full length of his body. The bulge in his running down the side of his pants leg is quite noticeable; either he has a banana in his pocket, or he’s happy to see me. Then I notice a similar bulge running down the side of his other pants leg. Either he has two bananas in his pockets, or he has two erections.”



“No, General. I'm not your subordinate. And what I'm coming dangerously close to is violence.
-General Wedge Antilles”



“Fat men take a cushion with them wherever they go.”



“Red sky at night, the city's alight.”



“Heaven. The biggest waste of our time we ever invented, outside jigsaws.”



“If you can put this book down, it means you need more coffee and less sleep. After all, sleep is for the weak which is why I get 8 hours every night and 2 hours during the day and drink de-cafe.”



“There! Now we're friends!" declared the minx. "Say you're sorry about my sister -"
"I am desolated!"
"That's a good boy!”



“Boys", Buffy hissed through clenched teeth, "being quiet is an important part of sneaking."
"Oh, sorry", Xander said, reducing his voice to a whisper.
"Besides, ritual sacrifice is a religious rite", Giles went on quietly. "They wouldn't sacrifice just anyone at random. It's far more likely they'd suspect you of being a Roman spy scouting for the invasion and just outright kill you".
"Oh great! Great! Way to be encouraging Giles. And I suppose you'll just watch that happen, in your Watchery way.”



“It is not true that the English invented cricket as a way of making all other human endeavors look interesting and lively; that was merely an unintended side effect.”



“She recalled him as a forceful and witty speaker with a ready repartee and a penetrating voice. He had once, for example, put down a spokesman for the pesticide industry with a remark that people still quoted at parties: "And I presume on the eighth day God called you and said, 'I changed my mind about insects!”



“I like bread, and I like butter - but I like bread with butter best.”

“one blow in anger [would] kill, probably, a child from aged two to eight. Those over eight would take two blows to kill.”

“In peacetime some sort of introduction is generally required to make a person's acquaintance; in war a small eatable will perform the same office.”



“Madness has no sense of humour”



“Erica had asked me a million times. 'Madison, are you sure you’re just the child minder? He pays you a lot of money for doing hardly anything.' Pushing aside the blatant insinuation that I was his weekend whore, I’d always told her the absolute truth. He’d never so much as looked at me inappropriately, let alone anything more.”



“I focused, rather embarrassingly, on his chest which was rising and falling slowly.
I left teeth marks!”



“Never say no to now”



“इस पुन्न भूम भारत में कबीर के बाद कोई बुरा आदमी पइदा हुआ हो तो हमें बता देंगे, प्लीज ! '- नेताजी ने हमें टोका - 'अंतम व्यक्त वाहियै था जिसने पब्लकलि डक्लेयर किया कि मुझसा बुरा न कोय। ”



“I have lived now for over a century, yet I can still say with complete confidence that no one can claim to have plumbed the depths of human misery who has not shared the fore-ends of a submarine with a camel.”



“I didn't feel strong. I felt like a big ball of wuss that wanted to curl up in my bed and never get out.”



“A spy novel?” Dagmar asked. “You two are talking about a spy novel?”
Annwyl threw her hands up in the air. “Not
just
a spy novel!”
“It’s much more than that,” Ragnar argued, and when Dagmar gawked at him in disgust, he added, “I can’t read deep, meaningful, thought-provoking philosophy
all
the time.”
“Exactly. Sometimes you have to read about a completely amoral hero whoring and killing his way across an unnamed land in the name of the queen that he’ll always love—”
“—but never have.” Then both Ragnar and Annwyl sighed a little.”



“What's the rule for fighting? Hit the soft parts with your hand and the hard parts with a utensil?”



“Oh, measure it all out! Acceptable levels of misery and suffering!' The cane swung down, thumped hard on the ground. 'Acceptable? Who the fuck says any level is acceptable? What sort of mind thinks that?'
Karsa grinned, 'Why, a civilized one.'
'Indeed!' Shadowthrone turned to Cotillion. 'And you doubted this one!”

“Writing is the flip side of sex - it's only good when it's over.”

“Ladies, we are at a massive disadvantage in the workplace. Your male peers are flirting with their male bosses constantly. The average workplace is like f*cking Bromancing the Stone. That’s basically what male bonding is. Flirting. They’re flirting with each other playing golf, they’re flirting with each other going to the football, they’re flirting with each other chatting at the urinals – and, sadly, flirting with each other in after-hours visits to strip clubs and pubs. They are bonding with each other over their biological similarities. If the only way you can bond with them is over your biological differences, you go for it. Feel pressurised to actually f*ck them if you do? Then don’t flirt. Find it an easy way to just crack on? Then crack on – and don’t blame other women for doing it.”




“Deux choses sont infinies : l’Univers et la bêtise humaine. Mais, en ce qui concerne l’Univers, je n’en ai pas encore acquis la certitude absolue.”

“If you still persist in writing, "Good food at it's best", you deserve to be struck by lightning, hacked up on the spot and buried in an unmarked grave.”



“She whispers in my ear: ‘"Tell me that you wan' fuck me hard, make me sweat." In the excitement, she misses out a word. "I want to fuck you so hard that your body drips with sweat," I say, grammatically.”



“Don't turn blue all over now.”



“The brain can be a dangerous thing. Even more so if you haven't got one.”



“Hey! Jack the Wanker! Over here! I want your autograph!”



“lectures broke into one's day and were clearly a terrible waste of time, necessary no doubt if you were reading law or medicine or some other vocational subject, but in the case of English, the natural thing to do was talk a lot, listen to music, drink coffee and wine, read books, and go to plays, perhaps be in plays…”



“One of the problems with being a writer is that all of your idiocies are still in print somewhere. I strongly support paper recycling.”

“On peut rire de tout mais pas avec n'importe qui.”

“No," he said, "look, it's very, very simple ... all I want ... is a cup of tea. You are going to make one for me. Keep quiet and listen." And he sat. He told the Nutri-Matic about India, he told it about China, he told it about Ceylon. He told it about broad leaves drying in the sun. He told it about silver teapots. He told it about summer afternoons on the lawn. He told it about putting in the milk before the tea so it wouldn't get scalded. He even told it (briefly) about the history of the East India Company.
"So that's it, is it?" said the Nutri-Matic when he had finished.
"Yes," said Arthur, "that is what I want."
"You want the taste of dried leaves in boiled water?"
"Er, yes. With milk."
"Squirted out of a cow?"
"Well, in a manner of speaking I suppose ...”

“Men," she said rueful, "are the most absurd creatures on this green earth." "But there are camels," Gabriel pointed out. "Believe me," she answered. "I've taken camels into consideration.”



“I know it’s not the right thing to say to a lady, miss, but you are sweating like a pig!"
"My mother always said that horses sweat, men perspire, and ladies merely glow…"
"Is that so? Well, miss, you are glowing like a pig!”



“All I really, really want to do is find a very, very fine chocolate store that I can walk into and then figure out how in the world one manages to pick out just a few chocolates out of all those very many chocolates! If I am one day able to walk into a fine chocolate store and know for certain which chocolates I want, when that happens, I will believe myself to be accomplished!”

“Your king is SUPPOSED to explode? What kind of government system is that?”



“It was the list of activities thing. Like the menu with price, only I'm not the restaurant; I'm the meal.”



“Darling, whose book is this to be?"
"Ostensibly yours, my sweet"
"I see -- rather like my life since I met you?"
"Yes darling”



“Stop playing hard to get"
"I'm hard to get. I'm not playing.”



“I suppose I’ll have to clean up Freddy’s brains; I hate to leave a mess for the home owners. Hand me that plastic bag; I need to put it over his head to keep him from leaking. Oh, relax, Freddy; I’ll tear an airhole for you.” - Mercer”



“[He]said something that made it impossible to continue working for him.[The exact words were]You're fired.”

“..the nuclear family from across the street, which, as a result of decay, truly did have 2.5 kids;”



“Never say a humorous thing to a man who does not possess humor. He will always use it in evidence against you.”

“Two whores who finally found something to mother. A guy could write a book about it, he thought bitterly, call it
From Hair To Maternity
. It would probly be a very long book. Whores did not produce as fast as rabbits.”



“Oh Mokona, you're such a tease! ~Fai D. Flowright”

“Eating was still a sore point with Smriti.She failed to understand,when interesting options like mango juice or chocolates were available,why was she forced by her stupid mother to eat boring regular meals?
After much contemplation,Nikhil came up with a suggestion'Don't give her food till she herself asks for it'.
His idea'starve-to know-the-worth-of -food'made sense to Abhilasha,though it took her a great deal of resolve before she could actually try it out.
So on a sunday,the'lady with an iron will'took over from'the soft and kind hearted mother'.she did not give her anything to eat and waited for the golden moment,expecting a hungry Smriti to beg for food.
But the much awaited moment never came.Smriti was not at all bothered about her meal and kept playing happily. The day turned into evening and still there was no trace of hunger in her.
"Aren't you feeling hungry?' now a worried mother had no option but to eat the humble pie and ask the daughter.
"No Maa. My friend Pinky had brought wafers and chocolates. Those were so yummy that I ate them all......"
And that was the end of her'starve-to -know-the-worth-of-food-mission.”



“I tried to speak, to tell Kit I wasn't dead. No sound came out. But I managed to lift one arm a few inches and execute a tiny wave. Hello, still alive. In a fuck ton of pain, but not dead.”



“As Samson demonstrated, going bald ruins lives.”



“...I have to go home and get a few things done. If I don’t get out the Pledge soon, the dust bunnies are going to be leaving tracks on my furniture...”



“If he speaks again without me knowing who he is, I will throw him out of the window. And I won't open it first.”




“Someone has to do it. It's all very well calling for eye of newt, but do you mean Common, Spotted or Great Crested? Which eye, anyway? Will tapioca do just as well? If we substitute egg white will the spell a) work b) fail or c) melt the bottom out of the cauldron? Goodie Whemper's curiosity about such things was huge and insatiable*.

* Nearly insatiable. It was probably satiated in her last flight to test whether a broomstick could survive having its bristles pulled out one by one in mid-air. According to the small black raven she had trained as a flight recorder, the answer was almost certainly no.”



“The dwarfs can turn lead into gold...
It reached the pointy ears of the dwarfs.
-Can we?
-Damned if I know. I can't.
-Yeah, but if you could, you wouldn't say. I wouldn't say, if I could.
-Can you?
-No!
-Ah-ha!”



“Whew,” he said. “You clean up
good
. You don’t look like the same girl.”
She frowned right before she laughed. “Do women usually thank you for saying things like that?”



“Hey, Geekoid!" yelled Duncan Dougal, "Why do you read so much? Don't you know how to watch TV?”



“I'd like to think...that people in pubs would talk about my poems”

“Langdon turned to Sophie. "Who is that? What... happened?"
Teabing hobbled over. "You were rescued by a knight brandishing an Excalibur made by Acme Orthopedic.”



“pretty girls behave better when you ignore them.”

“He lies down next to me.
He says, 'You know - you have a face to die for/'
'Well, don't die,' I say, "we just met.”



“Oh! Do not excite yourself. Shall I say that he interested me because he was trying to grow a mustache and as yet the result is poor." Poirot stroked his own magnificent mustache tenderly. "It is an art," he murmured, "the growing of the mustache! I have sympathy for all who attempt it.”



“Hello, IT... Have you tried turning it off and on again?... OK, well, the button on the side. Is it glowing?... Yeah, you need to turn it on.... Err, the button turns it on.... Yeah, you do know how a button works, don't you?... No, not on clothes... I'm sorry, are you from the past?”

“Steven Fry on The Da Vinci Code-
"It is complete loose stoolwater. It is arse-gravy of the worst kind.”

“It's the oasis," said the camel driver.
"Well, why don't we go there right now?" the boy asked.
"Because we have to sleep.”



“I don't need to travel back in time to cause trouble.
Seeing
back through time finds me trouble enough!”



“You're Ma's own blood son, but did she take on that time Tony Fontaine shot you in the leg? No, she just sent for old Doc Fontaine to dress it and asked the doctor what ailed Tony's aim. Said she guessed the licker was spoiling his marksmanship.”



“You cannot, it seems, let children run about the streets. People who have seen them running wild in Russia say that the sight is not a pleasant one.”



“Staring at my smoldering hot date, her husband stands tall for the first time in a decade, adjusting his toupee while flashing a horrid green toothy grin that looks more like a Steven Hawkins muscle spasm. In his hands, a frightened beer bottle is choked with the steel grip of a sexually repressed Preacher.”

“When the bishop farted we were amused to hear about it. Should the ploughboy find treasure we must be told. But when the ploughboy farts... er... keep it to yourself.”



“Brooke?" he finally found the sense to ask. "What are you doing here?"
"I need a gun."
This was not how his dream was supposed to go.”



“I hate it when people say 'follow your heart.' That is not a morally sufficient reason for stalking.”



“Cider was my drink because I liked the taste and it made me stupid.”



“Please Note:
Although it is true that some have
been captured; we would like to
assure you that no thoughts, or
images, have been harmed during
the making of this book.”



“When someone uses the phrase ‘the prick one’, and you know immediately that this is a synonym for the word ‘metaphorically’, you are entitled to wonder whether you know the speaker too well. You are even entitled to wonder whether you should know her at all.”



“The world is not full of crazy ninja perfume ladies!”



“In all of this she was only partially successful, for although Nurse knew that once Miss Venetia had made up her mind she was powerless to prevent her doing whatever she liked, and was obliged to admit some faint resemblance in Damerel to the Good Samaritan, she persisted in referring to him as The Ungodly, and in ascribing his charitable behaviour to some obscure but evil motive.”



“Ty didn't think Middleton was a great girl. He thought Middleton was a pain in the ass. Waltzing around with her shiny hair and long legs and her throaty voice, being cuter than a fistful of buttons. Where did she get off?”



“I'm thinking that I shouldn't have filed my nails last night.”

“Juoksin, koska halusin pitää pääni kasassa, en persettäni, sillä se ei tuo onnea.”



“I said, 'Don't talk rot, Old Tom Travers."
"I am not accustomed to talk rot," he said.
"Then, for a beginner," I said, "you do it dashed well.”



“When the baby cries, she could be hungry or thirsty or angry or cranky or sick or sleepy or paranoid or jealous or she had planned something but it went horribly awry. So you'll need to take care of that, when it happens.”



“Your mother was a hero. She developed a spell for gnomeatic fever. And she was the youngest headmaster in Watford history.”
Baz is looking at Penny like they’ve never met.
“And,” Penny goes on, “she defended your father in three duels before he accepted her proposal.”
“That sounds barbaric,” I say.
“It was traditional,” Baz says.
“It was brilliant,” Penny says. “I’ve read the minutes.”
“Where?” Baz asks her.
“We have them in our library at home,” she says “My dad loves marriage rites. Any sort of family magic, actually. He and my mother are bound together in five dimensions.”




“Is this one of those days where we all stalk out in fury? Because I simply haven't got the energy for it.”



“There was this other apocalypse this one time. And, well, I took off. But this time, I don't... I don't know."
"Well, what's different?"
"Well, I guess I was kinda new to being around humans before. And now I've seen a lot more, gotten to know people, seen what they're capable of and I guess I just realize how amazingly... screwed up they all are. I mean, really, really screwed up in a monumental fashion."
"Oh."
"And they have no purpose that unites them, so they just drift around, blundering through life until they die. Which they-they know is coming, yet every single one of them is surprised when it happens to them. They're incapable of thinking about what they want beyond the moment. They kill each other, which is clearly insane, and yet, here's the thing. When it's something that really matters, they fight. I mean, they're lame morons for fighting. But they do. They never... They never quit. And so I guess I will keep fighting, too.”

“Don’t kill her! Only maim her a little!”



“What happened?" he asked brusquely, interrupting me.
"What do you mean, what happened?"
"I sensed your fear, heard you call out my name."
"I...no, I didn't."
﻿Stone Wall,
﻿﻿I told myself. Great Wall of China, around my thoughts.
"The Great Wall of China isn't going to do it, Violet. Come on, tell me what happened.”



“Here is a man whose life and actions the world has already condemned - yet whose enormous fortune...has already brought him acquittal!”



“It was masturbation, not willpower, that made it possible for gazillions of women to walk down the aisle with their reputation and their hymen still intact.”



“Okay, babe, I'm here.”
The front door smashed opened, slamming against the wall—
the man didn't know how to turn a knob?
”



“Mercy', Finnikin said, grinning from ear to ear. 'We're going to have a bed full of children and I'll have to holler out to my wife, "Hello there! It's been a long time since we last spoke!”



“How dense and literal it is. I thought it had a much more sophisticated brain."
"Your mother is dense," Alif said wearily.
"My mother was an errant crest of sea foam. But that is neither here nor there.”



“Brenna Kelly, meet Alice Price-Healy. Grandma, meet Breanna. No one is shooting, stabbing or immolating anyone in this hotel room."
"Please," added Dominic. "I have to sleep here."
"HAIL!" Rejoiced the mice. "HAIL THE LACK OF STABBING, SHOOTING AND FLAME!”



“What the dev— er, deuce did you do that for? It hurt!”
“Good,” said the angel. “I was afraid these new shoes would not be sturdy enough.”



“And I’m stubborn, if you want absolute obedience, get a Labrador.”



“Some women have been faking orgasms for so long that they sometimes fake one when they are masturbating.”



“Free your mind from routine, keep your brain somewhere else”

“Phileas Fogg, having shut the door of his house at half-past eleven, and having put his right foot before his left five hundred and seventy-five times, and his left foot before his right five hundred and seventy-six times, reached the Reform Club”



“Oh my God. Party punch. He’d brought a woman with the social age of twelve to the Citadel. He deserved everything he got.”



“Polysyllables obfuscate a preponderant ignorance with so much more style and panache.”



“...some men say get them crying on your shoulder and you have the sheets half-unfurled already. Other fellows say get them laughing. I say get them drunk. I ordered up more Riesling...”



“Just think, she said to herself. I could be living on the Right Bank. I could be married to a senior clerk at the Treasury. I could be sitting with my feet up, embroidering a linen handkerchief with a rambling-rose design. Instead I'm on the rue des Cordeliers in pursuit of a baguette, with a three-inch blade for comfort.”



“I began to feel like a kept man and it felt great.”



“Now I know this is going to seem counter to every instinct that you have, but I'm going to ask you to sit still, or I'll put you in the trunk.”



“In some company it’s perfectly all right to prick your finger, but very bad form to finger your prick.”

“Do you ever wear leather?" the guy asks.
"What?"
"Leather. Do you like leather?"
"It doesn't exactly wipe me out."
"I like to see boys in leather."
I look at him cool. "Okay," I say, "what is it you want and how much are you willing to pay for it?"
"I've got a leather jacket upstairs...Would you put it on?"
"Just put it on?"
"I'll go and get it."
He leaves the horror hole and returns a few minutes later holding a leather flying jacket with a lambswool collar. There are tears in the jacket's sleeves, and the lambswool is yellow with age. John Wayne could've worn it in one of those crappy war films he made. "Put it on," the guy says.
I give him a spiky smile and put on the jacket. "Okay, where's the plane, and what time's take-off?"
"Drop your jeans and turn around.”

“Just a few questions for you, Mr. Dunne. Or Kenny. Can I call you Kenny? I feel we've become friends in these past few seconds. Can I call you Kenny?”

“If we all learnt cat-speak, we would often find they are saying, “You stupid human, I am trying to tell you something important right now!”



“Lebedev: France has a clear and defined policy... The French know what they want. They just want to wipe out the Krauts, finish, but Germany, my friend, is playing a very different tune. Germany has many more birds in her sights than just France...
Shabelsky: Nonsense! ...In my view the German are cowards and the French are cowards... They're just thumbing their noses at each other. Believe me, things will stop there. They won't fight.
Borkin: And as I see it, why fight? What's the point of these
armaments, congresses, expenditures? You know what I'd do? I'd gather together dogs from all over the country, give them a good dose of rabies and let them loose in enemy country. In a month all my enemies would be running rabid.”



“Father has a fear of flying since that aeroplane crashed into his bedroom.”



“Dickhead. He makes a beeline for Kate, not even seeing the other women who are right in front of him. Tunnel vision. He wants her bad.
Where have I seen the look on his face before? Oh, yeah. In the mirror.”



“We are unable to discount the hypotheses that the world began three years ago.”



“Colon thought Carrot was simple. Carrot often struck people as simple. And he was.
Where people went wrong was thinking that simple meant the same thing as stupid.”




“John, let me make one thing clear,” Jim said, cutting me off in his most stern, evangelical voice. “Every man is blessed with his gifts from the Lord. One of mine happens to be a penis large enough that, if it had a penis of its own, my penis’ penis would be larger than your penis.”.....
..."Fuck all of you,” John retorted. “You don’t even exist. We’re all just a figment of my cock’s imagination.”



“Now to me, Edith looks like something that would eat her young.”



“You're very lovely, gatita."
Her brows pulled together, and she gave him a skeptical stare.
"Do not look at your master as if he's an idiot.”



“Marry me. You'll learn to love me, I promise.”



“She was heavier than he expected - women always are.”



“Maxim 29:
The enemy of my enemy is my enemy's enemy. No more. No less.
-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries”

“What the eye does not see, the stomach does not get upset over”

“Are you reading?" I say. It's not that I don't think Finn can read or anything, but it's just - well, not what I expected to see. I figured Finn spent his time doing whatever it is guys who aren't Josh do when they aren't in school. Burping, or something.
"Try not to look so surprised," Finn says. "I read. I can count to ten. Sometimes I can even spell my own name.”



“Think of the most fussy science teacher you ever had. The one who docked your grade if the sixth decimal place in your answer was rounded incorrectly; who tucked in his periodic table T-shirt, corrected every student who said "weight" when he or she meant "mass", and made everyone, including himself, wear goggles even while mixing sugar water. Now try to imagine someone whom your teacher would hate for being anal-retentive. That is the kind of person who works for a bureau of standards and measurement.”



“You know what the best thing is about the end of the day? Tomorrow, it starts all over again.”



“REGARDING THE MARCHING BAND: How much more interesting it would be to see a creeping band.”



“Blasted spam pigeons!”



“I remembered that Beethoven's symphonies had sometimes been given names... they should have call [the Fifth] the Vampire, because it simply refused to lie down and die.”



“No Ghost of any common sense begins a conversation”

“What the hell are you doing here? You weren't on the guest list. Hell, you people aren't on anybody's guest list. If you turned up at a funeral, the corpse would walk out on you.”



“When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine”



“Okay, I guess you can come in."
"Um, Hannah, you have to, you know, open the front door so I can actually come in."
"I thought you were going to - you're standing under my window. Aren't you supposed to climb up here or something?"
"My ladder's at home. Also, you call throwing rocks at your window clichéd?”



“For my last birthday, Dad bought me a pocket-sized Collins English Dictionary. It would only fit in a pocket that had been specially designed.”



“Am I gay, am I straight? No, I'm just slutty. So, where's my parade? What about slut pride.”

“Judging by the sounds of general panic, I want a gun like that.”



“Casting my own eye down Fifth Avenue as my belly swelled, I would register with incredulity: Every one of these people came from a woman's cunt.”



“I’m Sam Donovan.”
“I know who you are. Mrs. Kulavich told me. I’m Jaine Bright.”
“I know. She told me. She even told me how you spell your name.”
Now, how on earth had Mrs. Kulavich known that?”



“She was tempted to take the elevator instead of the stairs just this once. But that was how it started. Take the elevator tonight because she was tired and her feet hurt from having been trapped in three-inch stilettos all day, and then tomorrow she'd want to take it because she was running late. Then, the next thing she knew she'd be taking elevators all over the place because she got winded climbing stairs.”



“Bottled, was he?" Said Colonel Bantry, with an Englishman's sympathy for alcoholic excess. "Oh, well, can't judge a fellow by what he does when he's drunk? When I was at Cambridge, I remember I put a certain utensil - well - well, nevermind.”



“Men are scumbags until they prove they're women.”



“Lentokonesuihkuturbiinimoottoriapumekaanikkoaliupseerioppilas (technical warrant officer trainee specialised in aircraft jet engines)”



“‎"Your heart is in your chest. It supplies the blood to your cells. Even if you don't think about it, your heart is always pumping. The heart is the most important organ in the body. Without it, you will die.
"'What grade are you teaching these days?' Joel asked. ' Because either this is really sad...or really profound.”



“I want you to move in with me, man."
"Nah. I appreciate it, but I need to get a place of my own. I'm a grownup.”



“Political life is best treated with antibiotics.”



“Women treat us [men] like humanity treats gods—they worship us and keep bothering us to do something for them.”




“In a Pyongyang restaurant, don't ever ask for a doggie bag.”



“Laughter is the antidote to existential pain”



“My cats inspire me daily. They inspire me to get a dog!”

“[About Uluru] I'm suggesting nothing here, but I will say that if you were an intergalactic traveler who had broken down in our solar system, the obvious directions to rescuers would be: "Go to the third planet and fly around till you see the big red rock. You can't miss it." If ever on earth they dig up a 150,000-year-old rocket ship from the galaxy Zog, this is where it will be. I'm not saying I expect it to happen; not saying that at all. I'm just observing that if I were looking for an ancient starship this is where I would start digging.”



“Anyway, as the old barrelhouse song says, My God, how the money rolled in. Norton must have subscribed to the old Puritan notion that the best way to figure out which folks God favours is by checking their bank acounts.”



“...the primary paradox that man is superior to all the things around him and yet is at their mercy.”



“Every Englishman abroad, until it is proved to the contrary, likes to consider himself a traveller and not a tourist.”



“Recklessness is almost a man's revenge on his woman.”



“Are we making a bomb?"
"This is a trust exercise, like in drama," she says.
"Are we making a bomb as a trust exercise?”



“The men who made the joke saw something deep which they could not express except by something silly and emphatic.”



“The joke is generally in the oddest way the truth and yet not the fact.”



“My father was my greatest inspiration. He was a lunatic.”

“mystery is not founded in ignorance, mystery is founded in imagination”



“Y-naga: "That's the thing... It's like trying to find a guy who's a kid at heart but still a responsible adult, so he can be counted on when I find myself in a pinch, somebody who's a little wild at times but normally lets me have my way even when I'm being selfish and just says, "well, if you insist," a guy who's not too full of himself but understands what clothes suit his body type best..."
S-hara: "What I'm saying is the pretty ones are stupid! The ones who have it all together are all so, so stubborn that they never do things my way!”



“101 Reason why its its great to be a woman : Since the advent of feminism, we can publicly ogle male bodies and not be called sexist. If a man indulges in this behavior over a picture of naked woman, he is a sexist pig, and recompense must be demanded for this slight on womankind.”

“If asked which words one associated with the Sahara, only the most dedicated surrealist might be expected to offer "whale".”



“Boys don't make passes at female smart asses.”

“Logan licked a glob of strawberry jelly from her lower lip and smiled up
at Odin. Only one comment seemed to perfectly fit her current situation. “I
see dead people.”
He leaned forward, hands on his hips. “Me, too. It’s the only explanation
for what’s standing in front of me. Unless some high school kids broke into
the anatomy closet and stole the classroom skeleton, stretched some cadaver
skin over that bitch then cast an ancient ritual to animate it.”



“Having one eye makes you see the world in unusual ways, Shockwave..." -Overlord”



“Such a narrative as this demands some sort of physical consolation for its spiritual tribulation. Our heroine received it in one last cup of tea. The reader may be advised to do so likewise.”



“We live in an age when pizza gets to your home before the police.”

“I smiled at him, “It’s okay, boys can be dumb.”
Alex smirked, “Yeah, and girls can drive you crazy.”



“Are you sure this is a good idea?’ I ask.
‘No,’ says Amber. ‘Let’s do it.”



“If you think fate is fickle, try tempting it”



“It'd be funny if one of them was called Gavin. Funny but irrelevant.”



“- "Sometimes I think people would believe in aliens before they'd believe in demons"
- "That's how it is, now!”



“Another strike of lightening – now accompanied by the deep-bellied rumble, and the horse reared, incidentally setting Henry very picturesquely against the inconstant moon. Alas, Catherine was deeply engaged in her argument with Old Edric and this missed entirely the melodramatic display. But we may assume that, possessing so strong an imagination, Catherine had often pictured Henry thus...”



“Giddy up.”

“In fact the bare adjective "bad" hardly scratches the surface of the man's awesome incapacity.”



“What's happened is somewhere, along the line, as a society, we confused the notion of 'home' with the possibility of 'an investment opportunity'. What kind of creature wants to live in an 'investment opportunity'? Only man.
The fox has his den. The bee has his hive. The stoat, has, uh... his stoat-hole... but only man chooses to make his nest in an investment opportunity. Mmm, snuggled down in the lovely credit! All warm, in the mortgage payment, mmmmm...”

“What are you doing here?”
All right, he was standing in front of an easel, holding a paint palette and brush. “Taxidermy?” he responded with just a touch of his own sarcasm.”




“I liked, as I like still, to make words look self-conscious and foolish, to bind them by mock marriage of a pun, to turn them inside out, to come upon them unawares. What is this jest in majesty? This ass in passion? How do god and devil combine to form a live dog?”



“After Puckoon I swore I'd never write another book. This is it”



“Where do rumors come from, Sir Kofa?" i was truly curious to know the answer.
"Where don't they come from? I suppose the majority of rumors are a combination of leaked information and the astouding imaginations of numerous storytellers. And, of course, the hope that things aren't really as boring as they seem on the surface.”



“On the Ning Nang Nong
Where the Cows go Bong!
And the Monkeys all say Boo!
Theres a Nang Nong Ning
Where the trees go Ping!
And the tea pots Jibber Jabber Joo
On the Nong Ning Nang
All the Mice go Clang!
And you just cant catch em when they do!
So its Ning Nang Nong!
Cows go Bong!
Nong Nang Ning!
Trees go Ping!
Nong Ning Nang!
The mice go Clang!
What a noisy place to belong,Is the Ning Nang Ning Nang Nong!”

“People have many cruel expectations from writers. People expect novelists to live on a hill with three kids and a spouse, people expect children's story writers to never have sex, and people expect all great poets to be dead. And these are all very difficult expectations to fulfill, I think.”

“I have been told by the third grade teacher that my daughter Poppet is reading at middle school level. Yet if I leave Poppet a note in block letters telling her to feed the dogs I will come home to find the dogs have been ... given a swim in the above-ground pool, dressed in tutus, provided with hair weaves. What I will not find is that the dogs have been fed. 'I thought you wanted me to
free
the dogs,' says Poppet whose school district is not spending quite what D.C.'s is, thanks to voter rejection of the last school bond referendum.”

“He looked up at them, a scruffy Napoleon with his laces trailing, exiled to a rose-trellised Elba.”



“My Teacher Sees Right Through Me
I didn’t do my homework.
My teacher asked me, “Why?”
I answered him, “It’s much too hard.”
He said, “You didn’t try.”
I told him, “My dog ate it.”
He said, “You have no dog.”
I said, “I went out running.”
He said, “You never jog.”
I told him, “I had chores to do.”
He said, “You watched TV.”
I said, “I saw the doctor.”
He said, “You were with me.”
My teacher sees right through my fibs,
which makes me very sad.
It’s hard to fool the teacher
when the teacher is your dad.”

“The more you read and observe about this Politics thing,
you got to admit that each party is worse than the other.
The one that's out always looks the best”

“Check-ups are, in my experience, a grave mistake; all they do is allow the quack of your choice to tell you that you have some sort of complaint that you were far happier not knowing about.”



“This is not the way things are done in Boy’s Own Adventure books. I recall no mentions of homosexual gang-rape and cannibalism”



“INEPTITUDE!”

“All we know of the Missing Link is that he is missing - and he won't be missed either.”

“leave not a speck.that may cause a wreck...”



“You probably think that being a guest in your aunt's house I would hesitate to butter you all over the front lawn and dance on the fragments in hobnailed boots, but you are mistaken. It would be a genuine pleasure. By an odd coincidence I brought a pair of hobnailed boots with me!' So saying, and recognising a good exit line when he saw one, he strode out, and after an interval of tense meditation I followed him. (Spode to Wooster)”



“Humour is meant, in a literal sense, to make game of man; that is, to dethrone him from his official dignity and hunt him like game.”



“With him big Phil from Notting Hill an old "face" from the sixties a pin up gangster with a "mars bar" weal scraping his left cheek and of course two "wag" slags in tow trussed up like French Poodles with "Bratz babe" stares and Gucci Handbags”



“Need to get to Ruislip by sparrow-fart though', said the squadron leader. 'Think you can do that? Can I come along for the ride?”



“Pumpkins are the only living organisms with triangle eyes.”

“...You haven't I suppose ever mixed with politicians at close quarters. They're awful...their stupidity is inhuman.”

“Dad instantly set out his stall:he wanted a big dog, a 'man dog',a dog that if it was human would enjoy a pint and stare at the barmaid's arse”



“Why save the rainforest, the whales, or the world when you can devote your time to saving syllables?”



“Normal is just a settng on your dryer”

“I'm not a detective from Baker Street or an old lady who solves crimes while she's knitting in an easy chair. I'm just a book girl. So I can't make a deduction, only take a flight of fancy--er, forget I said that. I meant, I can only take a guess.”



“[Kirk] paced back toward his command chair, all eyes on him. "He
must
have a weakness."
"Certainly," Chekov said. "Is he not basically humanoid? He could be poisoned, phasered, stabbed-"
Kirk sneered. "
Without
killing him, Ensign."
With a shrug, Chekov turned quietly back to his console, pulling his hands from his lap and placing them on the controls.”



“Too Busy
I've folded all my laundry
and put it in the drawer.
I've changed my linen, made my bed,
and swept my bedroom floor.
I've emptied out the garbage
and fixed tomorrow's lunch.
I've baked some cookies for dessert
and given dad a munch.
I've searched the house for pencils
and sharpened every one.
There are so many things to do
when homework must be done.”

“We are getting older fatter and balder. Each day brings us one step closer to death. Other than that, life's a ding-a-derry.”

“How are you? My father could say this quicker than anybody. He was always the first to say how are you, provided the occasion called for it, and he saw his chance. Thanks to this skill, he was made ambassador to England ...”



“A relationship is likely to last way longer, if each partner convinces or has convinced themselves that they do not deserve their partner, even if that is not true.”

“This is just your penis having the feels for my vagina. Your penis is making prank calls! and every single time your penis makes a prank call, my vagina answers the phone. And then you hang up. Or your penis claims wrong number or misdial or no hablo Ingles. It's infuriating, and it's called genital call me maybe.”




“We have buried the putrid corpse of liberty”

“If you want to find out if someone is a true bookworm or not, give them a thousand page novel and see what happens.”

“philosophy is not suited for the masses, what they need is holiness.”

“Most sane human beings’ chances of being alive in a thousand years’ time are a hundred times higher than their chances of being sincerely happy for at least ten consecutive days.”

“It was almost noon when the plane touched down at the Triad airport on the outskirts of Greensboro. There was a hire car waiting for me; I waved my notepad at the dashboard to transmit my profile, then waited as the seating and controls rearranged themselves slightly, piezoelectric actuators humming. As I started to reverse out of the parking bay, the stereo began a soothing improvisation, flashing up a deadpan title: Music for Leaving Airports 11 June 2008.”

“Sometime later the islanders on a little rimward atoll were amazed to find, washed into their little local lagoon, the wave-rocked corpse of a hideous sea monster, all beaks, eyes and tentacles. They were further astonished at its size, since it was rather larger than their village. But their surprise was tiny compared to the huge, stricken expression on the face of the dead monster, which appeared to be have been trampled to death. ”



“God in his infinite wisdom
Did not make me very wise-
So when my actions are stupid
They hardly take God by surprise.”

“The encapsulated bird your conspirators sent you to fetch. The sterilized male chicken with the Creator DNA sequences. The plot capon. Where is it?”



“Any book without a mistake in it has had too much money spent on it.”

“-I love you, Lenny.
-From the diaphragm.
-What are you talking about?
-You have to say it from the diaphragm. That's a muscle in here. Real deep, not from the throat. I tried to be an actor once and that's the first thing they told me. That's when I quit. I just didn't have that much in my diaphragm.”



“Denis could think of no logical reason why he should not attempt to mate with Beth Cooper.
There were no laws explicitly against it.
They were of the same species, and had complementary sex organs, most likely, based on extensive mental modeling Denis had done.”



“He's got a chloroform-soaked rag in one hand, and before Judy realizes what's happening, the dude is all over her like fat on cheese.”



“Last time I saw her, she was peeking out from one of the bookcases next to the fireplace. She's the first cat I've ever seen trying to pretend she's a condensed version of War and Peace.”



“We all shook hands, and the policeman, having retrieved a piece of chewing-gum from the underside of a chair, where he had parked it against a rainy day, went off into a corner and began to contemplate the infinite.”



“Unfortunately, you, Sir Tristram, knowing nothing of me, and being possessed of a tyrannical disposition – I beg your pardon?’
‘I did not speak,’ replied Sir Tristram, eyeing her frostily.
Miss Thane met his look with one of limpid innocence. ‘Oh, I quite thought you did!’
‘I choked,’ explained Sir Tristram. ‘Pray continue! You had reached my tyrannical disposition.”



“Putain mais quelle fichue imagination je peux avoir ...”



“You can't conceive the perverse ingenuity he could put into hiding his affections.”



“Bouncer, recognizing a well-wisher, got up, and thrust his cold, wet nose under her hand, assuming as he did so the soulful expression of a dog who takes but a benevolent interest in cats, livestock, and stray visitors.”



“I'm not tired. I'm just checking my eyelids for holes. It could take a while”

“He eased back and murmured, “You taste so damn sweet. Like maple syrup.”
“And you taste like stolen bacon.”



“Whew,' he said, 'I'm glad that's over, Thomas. I've been feeling awfully bad about it.' It was only too evident that he no longer did.”



“[Lou]: “I’m not talking about the angioplasty. I mean the stuff you’re pumping into me. What is it? Something serious?”
[Nurse]: “Oh. This is nothing. You’re not going under the knife today, so you don’t get the good shit. This is a blood-thinning agent. Also, it’ll mellow you out. Got to keep the mellows going.”
[Lou]: “It’ll put me to sleep?”
[Nurse]: “Faster than a marathon of Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman.”



“Child, if such folks awe you, then picture them on the lavatory, straining, constipated. They will at once seem small, pathetic, manageable." And she whispered to me a great, universal truth: "THE BOWELS ARE GREAT LEVELLERS.”

“These days, you could stage a three-point orgy in the garden and nobody would bat an eye...”

“You like it in jail?'
'It's not too bad. You don't meet the best people, but who the hell wants to?”



“Please ejaculate", I silently urged the man, "so I can go to sleep". (In this way I imagine I was like millions of women before me”



“

“Clever battle strategy often resembles madness. Knowing the difference … ah, well, the victors have the privilege of defining that, do they not?” —The Dowager Marchioness of Wallingham upon news of Napoleon’s escape from Elba.

”



“Maybe he couldn’t understand why we weren’t able to laugh yet, but he knew you can’t really be strong until you can see a funny side to things.”



“So asking you to take a moonlit walk with me, that would totally not work?"
"What?" Again that glare. "Go away. Stop being an idiot. I don't even know you."
"You're healing my little brother Bowie."
"Yeah, that doesn't make us friends, kid."
"So no moonlight."
"Are you retarded?"
"Sunrise? I could get up early."
"Go away."
"Sunset tomorrow?" -Sanjit & Lana”




“I’m a firm believer in equality at all times—”
“At all times?” She glanced at the cuffs clipped to his leathers. “Why do I find that hard to believe?” And why the heck was she arguing with him.
Mine, mine, mine.
“At all times,” he repeated. “However, in the bedroom or in the club, I am a lot more equal than you.”



“Well he should get over himself. He tried to get me burned at the stake in Brit History yesterday. Here I am minding my own business like a good little girl, and out of the blue Tucker raises his hand and accuses me of being a witch"
"sounds like something Tucker would do" admits wendy.
"Everybody had to vote on it. I barely escaped with my nuns life. Obviously I'll have to return the favour.”



“But the purpose of the book is not the horror, it is horror's defeat.”



“The craft's occupants clutched their armrests, and more than one of them closed their eyes. But not Artemis. He couldn't. There was something morbidly fascinating about flying into an uncharted tunnel at a reckless speed with only a kleptomaniac dwarf's word for what lay at the other end.”



“Aim towards enemy." - instructions on U.S. rocket launcher”

“Do you remember what we just did? Please tell me you remember what we just did."
She briefly toyed with the idea of lying and saying no, just to see the look on his face, but she'd had enough of having her brain played with – it wouldn't be too sporting to do the same to him. "Yes, I remember, and don't you think for one minute that just because you had me on my back screaming I was 'yours'," she waved four fingers in quotation marks in front of his face, "that it gives you any kind of ownership over me, because it doesn't."
He looked annoyed, then relieved, then he laughed. "Yeah, whatever, baby.”



“......”

“There's always a 'but' when it comes to jobs. Like, I love my job but my colleagues are first-rate, but...a couple of them like to dress like superheroes on the weekend and I can't help but wonder if they're nuts." - Logan”



“We are searching for the same thing,” Stripey said.
“How do you know?” Janco asked.
“I read his mind.” The Sitian pointed to Ari. “Yours was too…chaotic. Too many useless thoughts to wade through.”
A compliment or an insult? Janco guessed compliment and preened.”



“Memang sulit menulis puisi. Dan untuk apa mempersulit diri sendiri.”



“Shall we proceed, and ought I do so with my knife drawn?”
“You’d better keep it where it is for the moment,” he said. “Otherwise you might stab me to death accidentally.” .
“If I stab you to death,” she said, “it will not be accidental.”



“We're all leaving now", Blue Eyes whispered to her. "Together. Out the front door. Scream, and we'll kill you here and now.
"Or later", Willow suggested nervously. "Later would be a big improvement on that idea. We could meet back here in, say, an hour, and you can exhibit your homicidal tendencies then, okay? That would be way better for us.”



“The thought of talking about it made Pueblo's gut ache, but then he thought of everything that Amy had been through – not that she'd told him her version yet. She had balls of steel, he thought with a smile. And what did he have? Three pairs of loin cloths going crisp on the radiator.”



“I should explain — in view of my last letter, you may find it slightly surprising — that Daphne and I are now bosom friends. That is to say, she seems to think we are; and I do not feel that I know her well enough to dispute it.”



“I don't think I'd want Mickey Mouse pimping for me anyway.”



“It took Pueblo a few seconds to take in his surroundings. The first thing he realised was that he felt bruised all over; the second was that his clothes were waterlogged, even more than before, from the quicksand; and the third, was that he had landed on his front and was lying on a large, uncomfortable stone.
No, wait… In his disoriented state, he shifted his weight. The stone didn't move. He was lying on his own fucking erection.”



“A lot of people come up here and they thank Jesus for this award. I want you to know that no one had less to do with this award than Jesus. He didn't help me a bit. If it was up to him, Cesar Millan would be up here with that damn dog. So all I can say is, 'suck it, Jesus! This award is my God now'!”

“The division seems rather unfair," I remarked. "You have done
all the work in this business. I get a wife out of it, Jones gets
the credit, pray what remains for you?"
"For me," said Sherlock Holmes, "there still remains the
cocaine-bottle." And he stretched his long white hand up for
it.”



“...and thus he found his single source of joy in the society of other people: frightening the girls with his penis.”



“Do you know what she did today?" He leaned confidentially across the table, pointing at the dishes in the sink. "She went to the market and left all the breakfast dishes there and said she'd do them later. I know what she wanted. She expected me to do them. Well, I'll fool her. I'll leave them just where they are.”

“Network administrators all share an abiding and passionate desire for one thing: We want our users to shut up.”

“He must have been delightful," she said, "when he was alive!”



“His jaw was set, telling me I should back off. Unfortunately, being a gobby cow meant I couldn’t.”



“...we've already had one horrible thing happen today, which means that if you think about it the odds of anything else horrible happening again in the next few hours should now be quite low.”



“A despairing arse will never produce a happy fart.”



“People talk too much, humans aren't descended from monkeys, they're descended from parrots.”



“Being amongst rough lives and confusion does not make you less, it only makes your beauty shine out more clearly.”



“Eating was easy. Thinking was hard.”



“Tell me you spotted a condom tree over to the right by the stream of lube.”



“WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING YOU MOTHERFUKERS!"
It was...Dumbledore!”




“I MAY BE A HOGWARTS STUDENT...." Hargirid paused angrily. "BUT I AM ALSO A SATANIST!”



“Unfortunately it's also true to say that good management is a bit like oxygen - it's invisible and you don't notice its presence until it's gone, and then you're sorry.”



“Mary, you know I hate parties. My idea of hell is a very large party in a cold room where everybody has to play hockey properly.”



“Graham Chapman, co-author of the "Parrot Sketch", is no more. He has ceased to be. Bereft of life, he rests in peace. He's kicked the bucket, hopped the twig, bit the dust, snuffed it, breathed his last, and gone to meet the great Head of Light Entertainment in the sky. And I guess that we're all thinking how sad it is that a man of such talent, of such capability for kindness, of such unusual intelligence, should now so suddenly be spirited away at the age of only forty-eight, before he'd achieved many of the things of which he was capable, and before he'd had enough fun. Well, I feel that I should say: nonsense. Good riddance to him, the freeloading bastard, I hope he fries. And the reason I feel I should say this is he would never forgive me if I didn't, if I threw away this glorious opportunity to shock you all on his behalf. Anything for him but mindless good taste.
(He paused, then claimed that Chapman had whipered in his ear while he was writing the speech):
All right, Cleese. You say you're very proud of being the very first person ever to say 'shit' on British television. If this service is really for me, just for starters, I want you to become the first person ever at a British memorial service to say 'fuck'.”

“If you were going to be successful in the world of crime, you needed a reputation for honesty.”



“You will be interested to hear, Hilary, that it [the drug] had a most remarkable effect — even on Selena after a very modest quantity. She cast off all conventional restraints and devoted herself without shame to the pleasure of the moment."
I asked for particulars of this uncharacteristic conduct.
"She took from her handbag a paperback edition of Pride and Prejudice and sat on the sofa reading it, declining all offers of conversation.”



“Chater: You dare to call me that. I demand satisfaction!
Septimus: Mrs Chater demanded satisfaction and now you are demanding satisfaction. I cannot spend my time day and night satisfying the demands of the Chater family.”



“Pretend to be mad and talk a lot. Then — and this is the important bit — do nothing at all until you absolutely have to and then make sure everyone dies.”



“Because, Jack, you volunteered to be taken down into eternal torment in place of her. This is the absolute
minimum
(unless I'm mistaken) that any female requires from her man.”



“He was certain he was anorectic, because every time he looked in a mirror he saw a fat man. It was the Archchancellor, standing behind him and shouting at him.”



“I was emotionally erect.”



“Bob loses saving throw vs. shiny with a penalty of -5. Bob takes 2d8 damage to the credit card.”



“Stephen nodded. 'Tell me,' he said, in a low voice, some moments later. 'Were I under naval discipline, could that fellow have me whipped?'He nodded towards Mr Marshall.
'The master?' cried Jack, with inexpressible amazement.
'Yes,' said Stephen looking attentively at him, with his head slightly inclined to the left.
'But he is the master...' said Jack. If Stephen had called the sophies stem her stern, or her truck her keel, he would have understood the situation directly; but that Stephen should confuse the chain of command, the relative status of a captain and a master, of a commissioned officer and a warrant officer, so subverted the natural order, so undermined the sempiternal universe, that for a moment his mind could hardly encompass it. Yet Jack, though no great scholar, no judge of a hexameter, was tolerably quick, and after gasping no more than twice he said, 'My dear sir, I beleive you have been lead astray by the words master and master and commander- illogical terms, I must confess. The first is subordinate to the second. You must allow me to explain our naval ranks some time. But in any case you will never be flogged- no, no; you shall not be flogged,' he added, gazing with pure affection, and with something like awe, at so magnificent a prodigy, at an ignorance so very far beyond anything that even his wide-ranging mind had yet conceived.”



“Thou art hunger, yo. Make with the starvation.”



“I shall now explain my plan. You may then speak, but only to amend the detail. The broad outline is not subject to negotiation. Are you ready? Good … I propose to have sex with you. I believe it will be excellent sex. Your obedience on one particular issue of timing it will be required to make it unforgettable sex. I will explain that issue as we go. At the moment, I wish to hear your inevitable objection to the general sex part of this plan.”



“Aren't maids the ultimate art critics?”



“Either a species learns to control its own population, or something like disease, famine, war, will take care of the issue.”



“But you were concerned about making sure things, you know, didn't get serious."
"Yeah, because I'm an idiot.”



“If he were a man of strong mind, it only gave him fits; but a person of mere average intellect it usually sent mad.”



“How come you like Josh so much anyway? All he does is sit around drinking overpriced coffee and bitching about how awful things are"
"He cares about the world."
"If he cared about the world, he'd donate the ten thousand dollars he must spend on coffee every year to charity. That would be doing something.”



“Mercer,” Polly says, “we are now going to hug. As a group. The experience will be very un-English. It will be good for you. Do not speak, at all, especially not in an attempt to diffuse the emotional intensity of the situation.”
They hug, somewhat awkwardly, but with great feeling.
“Well,” Mercer says, after a moment, “that was certainly—”
“I will hit you with a shovel,” Polly Cradle murmurs.”



“Naboo: "You've read all the books, but when it comes to the crunch, where are you?"
Saboo: "The crunch! How dare you speak to me of the crunch? You know nothing of the crunch. You've never even been to the crunch!"
Naboo: "Been there once."
Saboo: "Oh, a little day trip 'round the crunch, we can all go there as tourists. 'Ooh, that's a bit of crunch-'"
Naboo: "Shut it!”

“The place had enormous possibilities. He realized that at once. The stream, of course, was perfect for sailing toy boats, for skipping stones, and, in the event of failing inspiration, for falling into. Several of the trees appeared to have been specifically designed for climbing, and one huge, white old birch overhanging the stream promised the exhilarating combination of climbing a tree and falling into the water, all at one time.”



“Do you really think he was flirting with me?"
"Let's see. He gave you candy you hate - I saw your face - and a CD of songs..." He looks at the CD. "All of these are, like, twenty years old at least. Figures. Oh, and he groped your face. Sounds like true love to me.”



“I know stealing a foot is weird. But, hello, living in a house where a foot is available to be stolen is weird.”

“Don't mind Russ," he says. "He's a good kid underneath all those holes, although it's a wonder he doesn't spring a leak when he drinks”



“All I know about humour is that I don't know anything about it.”

“The big bad monster wasn't green and hiding under the bed, it wore tasteless floral prints, bright scarlet lipstick and sat in the kitchen smoking and saying 'bollocks' alot.”

“Joe: Oo, Brittany "Aren't I Fabulous?" Hobson?
Addie: She's not that bad.
Joe: Brittany "All the Boys Like Me, I'm so Popular I Could Die" Hobson.
Addie: Joe!”



“The trouble with England, he thinks, is that it's so poor in gesture. We shall have to develop a hand signal for ‘Back off, our prince is fucking this man's daughter.’ He is surprised that the Italians have not done it. Though perhaps they have, and he just never caught on.”




“Strange, isn't it,' mused Glokta as he watched him struggle for air. 'Big men, small men, thin men, fat men, clever men, stupid men, they all respond the same to a fist in the guts. One minute you think you're the most powerful man in the world. The next you can't even breathe by yourself.”



“Right now I've got just two rules to live by.
Rule one: don't taunt elephants.
Rule two: don't stand next to anybody who taunts elephants.
-Sergeant Schlock”



“Agent Jones held Sinjin’s face in his hands. “I’m going to make balloon animals. People need balloon animals.”
“How right you are, strange delusional man,” Sinjin said.”



“Spy' is such a short ugly word. I prefer 'espionage.' Those extra three syllables really say something.”



“Maxim 37:
There is no "overkill."
There is only "open fire" and "reload."
-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries”

“Manners, you see, come down to a single principle: talk of nothing that might actually prove interesting.”



“I'm as religious as the next man - which is to say I'll keep in with the local parson for form's sake and read the lessons on feast-days because my tenants expect it, but I've never been fool enough to confuse religion with belief in God. That's where so many clergymen... go wrong”



“Maxim 11:
Everything is air-droppable at least once.
-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries”

“The nuisance of her presence outweighs the gratification to be derived from tormenting her”

“Don Pedro - (...)'In time the savage bull doth bear the yoke.'
Benedick - The savage bull may, but if ever the sensible Benedick bear it, pluck off the bull's horns and set them in my forehead, and let me be vildly painted; and in such great letters as they writes, 'Here is good horse for hire', let them signify under my sign, 'Here you may see Benedick the married man.”



“Socrates became a trendsetter. Other philosophers, including Plato and Aristotle and Gus, quickly followed suit, dropping their last names too. And, for centuries after that there would be countless imitators including oltaire, Michelangelo, and, much later, Cher.”



“The Tausennigan Ob'enn warlords look like cuddly teddy-bears?"
"Yes, they do, and they'd cheerfully exterminate your entire race for making that observation!"
"I guess that explains their rich military history, then.”



“If the colour of life turns grey turn the palette the other way”



“Prime numbers are useful for writing codes and in America they are classed as Military Material and if you find one over 100 digits you have to tell the CIA and they buy it off you for $10,000. But it would not be a very good way of making a living.”



“Sometimes the only way to succeed is to fail backwards”



“Kevyn, I'm promoting you from Tech Sergeant to Munitions Commander. I want you to take responsibility for all Company weapons.
Munitions Commander? Why me?
I don't know. Call it "suspicion of extreme competence" on my part.
-Captain Tagon & Commander Kevyn Andreyasn”



“Maxim 8:
Mockery and derision have their place. Usually, it's on the far side of the airlock.
-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries”

“Intellectual controversies tend to be like dog fights without the teeth, in which the barking not the biting does the damage.”



“Swinging the door open, I took a sip. All of the coffee in the world wouldn't help if more visitors showed up at my door this early in the morning but the caffeine fortification was a bonus. The delivery guy pushed his clipboard at me. I held up my cup and raided my eyebrows.
We had an entire conversation in the next seven seconds with our eyes and eyebrows.
I told him that I wasn't giving up my coffee for his delivery. He told me that if I'd just sign on the damned dotted line he would get the hell out of here.
I replied in turn that if he'd hold the clipboard instead of shoving it at me (I threw in a nod here for good measure), I'd sign the damned line.
He finally sighed, turned the clipboard around and held the pen out.
I braced the door with my hip, grabbed the pen and scrawled Wilma Flinstone on the paper.”



“Oh, that's great. That way, when things have quieted down, and we come up for air, or money, or re-supply, we'll get a nice explosive package from him that says "so nice to see you again" in a way that only multi-megaton yields can.”



“I fought the mighty urge to watch her put it on. My libido had just burst out of the closet and was tripping over furniture yelling, "Who? What? Where?" (Please excuse him. He doesn't get out much)”



“Hi. I'm here to enlist.
You can't. You aren't human.
You see, little fella, we don't do sociological stuff like "interspeciated workplaces." We're a crack company of space mercenaries. We do "hurting people" and "breaking things."
Sounds like my kind of fun.
-Schlock & Lieutenant Der Trihs”



“Always remember rule #6... don't take yourself so damn seriously”

“I am on the divorce detox diet. I only eat younger men”

“I like you but you mightn't feel the same way about me, and I wouldn't blame you. To save us both from any awkward moments I've figured out an easy way to do this. Nod if you're even slightly interested in getting to know me. Write a ten page explanation if you're not.”

“I spilled my cup of coffee straight onto my crotch. Superior heat retention has its drawbacks. I grimaced as the scalding liquid reached ground zero, but as I did my best to angle my jeans away from the Resnick family's last hope, my seatmate decided to dispose of her hoodie.
I juggled two pressing needs:
1) Protect the nethers.
2) Leer”



“No, but if I were an illegal, experimental replicant hiding the truth of an international conspiracy I would try and put myself out of the way of those investigating it, wouldn't you? I don't think hiding under a bed will be very successful. But, if you've any better idea of what the deadly robot assassin is up to, please feel free to act upon it.”



“Captain, you have heard the charges. How do you plead? Before you answer, you should know that if you plead "guilty" you'll be immediately extradited and U.N.S. law will take over."
"Not guilty."
"Also, it's not very nice to lie in court."
"But it beats extradition.”



“They're horrible little creatures. All snot and smelly feet and pestering questions."
"Then why did you go into teaching?"
"It was either that or sit at home with Mother all day. I picked the lesser of two evils.”



“Whoever had created humanity had left in a major design flaw.
It was its tendency to bend at the knees.”




“It is very strange, this domination of our intellect by our digestive organs. We cannot work, we cannot think, unless our stomach wills so. It dictates to us our emotions, our passions. After eggs and bacon it says, "Work!" After beefsteak and porter, it says, "Sleep!" After a cup of tea (two spoonfuls for each cup, and don't let it stand for more than three minutes), it says to the brain, "Now rise, and show your strength. Be eloquent, and deep, and tender; see, with a clear eye, into Nature, and into life: spread your white wings of quivering thought, and soar, a god-like spirit, over the whirling world beneath you, up through long lanes of flaming stars to the gates of eternity!”



“She was every inch the skeletal goddess that had been promised by the bones of her feet.”



“After that, we had a short conversation about how your body can sometimes seem totally separate. She said her body can feel like a distant bureaucracy controlled by telegrams from her brain, and I said my body is sometimes like that of Mario Mario, being controlled with a Nintendo joypad. Mario's surname is Mario.”



“She was nothing more than a mere good-tempered, civil and obliging Young Woman; as such we could scarcely dislike her -- she was only an Object of Contempt”



“If wishes were horses, I'd need a very big stable.”

“Inconvenience in progress, work is regretted.”



“The Brigadier had no wish to shake hands with the improbable young man in the ridiculous frock-coat.”



“When he pursed his lips and dropped a hand into his coat pocket, the last thing Nur expected him to pull out was a cricket ball. "I'd hoped for a disruptor at least," she muttered reprovingly.
The Doctor slipped three fingers around the ball and hefted it experimentally. "I thought we'd try something a little less excessive."
He breathed gently on to the maroon leather and polished it on his leg as the Sontaran finally tossed the Kshatriya aside and stopped to pick up its fallen weapon. He stepped around the corner, sighting along his free arm as the Sontaran straightened, its back fully turned. The cricket ball flashed down the length of the corridor in the blink of an eye, punching into the back of the Sontaran's collar and ricocheting away. To Nur's astonishment, the alien spasmed and crashed to the floor like a falling tree. "Out for a duck," the Doctor commented, blowing across his fingertips.
"I've never seen anything killed by a cricket ball before."
"You haven't yet. He'll wake up in a few minutes.”



“I don't believe in ghosts but they blindly believe in me”

“It is a fool of a shepherd who culls his dogs.”



“When you're conscious of what you're permitting to germinate inside you, the weeds in your life will wither away of their own accord.”

“Of the 2,639,857 faggots in the New York city area, 2,639,857 think primarily with their cocks.
You didn't know that the cock was a thinking organ?
Well, by this time, you should know that it is.”



“Thursday morning. I usually let my Mum wake me up but today I have set my alarm for seven. Even from under my duvet, I can hear it bleating on the other side of my room. I hid it inside my plastic crate for faulty joysticks so that I would have to get out of bed, walk across the room, yank it out of the box by its lead and, only then, jab the snooze button. This was a tactical manoeuvre by my previous self. He can be very cruel.”



“I was camped at the same site as her: Broughton Farm. She came over to my tent and showed me her blisters. She asked me whether I knew the reason why a blister can keep on producing fluid ad infinitum. I said that I had always wondered the same thing about mucus. One of the reasons we are together is because we have similar interests.”



“Holy shit," somebody muttered in the dark.
"A virgin," sputtered another.
"I didn't know they still made them."
"He just did.”



“I’d spend hours in HMVs, Virgin Megastores and second-hand record shops staffed by greasy-haired 40-year-olds dressed as 20-year-olds, listening to contemporary music of every genre – Britrock, heavy maiden, gang rap, brakebeat. And I came to a startling but unshakeable conclusion: no genuinely good music has been created since 1988.”



“How do you explain plastic to a medieval forest bard?”



“I haven't been wrong since 1961, when I thought I made a mistake.”

“While an author is yet living we estimate his powers by his worst performance, and when he is dead we rate them by his best.”

“It's not that I want to work for Williams-Sonoma,
per se
, it's just that you guys have the money and I don't.”

“I tell myself not to feel sexually threatened. I am of no special interest; he could just as easily be angling for the printer.”



“It is a curiously moving experience, to hear 350 sailors uttering the words "Oh shit!" in eleven different languages.”



“So it was perfectly possible that there were men who liked shopping, men who understood exactly what it was all about, but Mma Ramotwe had yet to meet such a man. Maybe they existed elsewhere - in France, perhaps - but they did not seem to be much in evidence in Botswana.”



“God does not play dice, bankers do.”

“I think I know where my life went wrong. For all the world's a stage and I'm a lousy actor!”

“But neither could compare with the gargantuan natural edifice that was the mountain upon which Nachtstürm Castle rose. It was a mountain made of the darkness between two lightning bolts. It was made less of earth than Stygian frost. Whole towns fell away as they ascended, as though the ranks of black and frowning conifers waged war against the humans below. Even the path – rather narrow and rarely straight – seemed less made by centuries of pilgrim feet and more by the trace of some careless demon’s claw.
It was, in fact, perfect.”



“A good speech is like a miniskirt--long enough to over all the vital parts, short enough to entice and captivate listeners.”

“A halo is a cock ring for the soul.”

“The church has never been asked to explain anything, our speciality, along with ballistics, has always been the neutralisation of the overly curious mind through faith.”

“Democracy means the opportunity to be everyone's slave.”

“I have actually known a case where a Woman has exterminated her whole household, and half an hour afterwards, when her rage was over and the fragments swept away, has asked what has become of her husband and her children.”




“At least one way of measuring the freedom of any society is the amount of comedy that is permitted, and clearly a healthy society permits more satirical comment than a repressive, so that if comedy is to function in some way as a safety release then it must obviously deal with these taboo areas. This is part of the responsibility we accord our licensed jesters, that nothing be excused the searching light of comedy. If anything can survive the probe of humour it is clearly of value, and conversely all groups who claim immunity from laughter are claiming special privileges which should not be granted.”

“Ask any Ferrari, Porsche or Ray-Ban salesperson about their average customer and you will very likely hear that he is not, as the adverts would have us believe, a virile young footballer with shiny hair, a rippling six pack and a trouser pouch like a new punch bag. He is, in fact, a middle-aged bloke wearing more chins than he started life with and carrying the clear evidence of forty years of beer and pies slung across his midriff.”



“Culture is the ability to describe Jane Russell without moving your hands”

“Her metaphors for her children included barnacles encrusting a ship and limpets clinging to a rock.”



“As you can see, the hyphen is a nasty, tricky, evil little mark that gets its kicks igniting arguments in newsrooms and trying to make everyone in the English-speaking world look like an idiot - it's the Bill Maher of punctuation.”



“Show me a woman who is prouder of her clean kitchen than of her collection of lingerie and I'll show you a woman with enlarged pores.”



“... and because they were fond of reading, she fancied them satirical: perhaps without exactly knowing what it was to be satirical; but that did not signify. It was censure in common use, and easily given.”



“While the archetype of the tinker is generally the whipping person in classical bedtimes stories, this particular individual was a tinker by trade and just happened to be economically disadvantaged.”

“I'm talking to a journalist and I really have nothing to say anymore, this is already uncomfortable. I feel the pain coming already. The brutal pain, when one day I should read your edit of whatever I say, because no matter what I say, no matter how I say it, no matter its tone, its frequency range, its decibel level or the way in which I put the words together, no matter my intentions and no matter the truth. What I'll read one day will be a chastised, manipulated abortion of your misunderstandings, your manipulations, your agenda and your amateur use of the English language.”

“Mother Goose!
I have never much cared for flippant remarks, especially when others make them, and in particular, I don't give a frog's fundament for them when they come from an adult.”



“But what he said was true enough: I had recently destroyed a perfectly good set of wire braces by straightening them to pick a lock. Father had grumbled, of course, but had made another appointment to have me netted and dragged back up to London, to that third-floor ironmonger's shop in Farringdon Street, where I would be strapped to a board like Boris Karloff as various bits of ironmongery were shoved into my mouth, screwed in, and bolted to my gums.”



“My doggy ate my homework.
He chewed it up," I said.
But when I offered my excuse
My teacher shook her head.
I saw this wasn't going well.
I didn't want to fail.
Before she had a chance to talk,
I added to the tale:
"Before he ate, he took my work
And tossed it in a pot.
He simmered it with succotash
Till it was piping hot.
"He scrambled up my science notes
With eggs and bacon strips,
Along with sautéed spelling words
And baked potato chips.
"He then took my arithmetic
And had it gently fried.
He broiled both my book reports
With pickles on the side.
"He wore a doggy apron
As he cooked a notebook stew.
He barked when I objected.
There was nothing I could do."
"Did he wear a doggy chef hat?"
My teacher gave a scowl.
"He did," I said. "And taking it
Would only make him growl."
My teacher frowned, but then I said
As quickly as I could,
"He covered it with ketchup,
And he said it tasted good."
"A talking dog who likes to cook?"
My teacher had a fit.
She sent me to the office,
And that is where I sit.
I guess I made a big mistake
In telling her all that.
'Cause I don't have a doggy.
It was eaten by my cat.”

“A sharp bolt of hunger hit Luther hard. His knees almost buckled, his poker face almost grimaced. For two weeks now his sense of smell had been much keener, no doubt a side effect of a strict diet. Maybe he got a whiff of Mabel's finest, he wasn't sure, but a craving came over him. Suddenly, he had to have something to eat. Suddenly, he wanted to snatch the bag from Kendall, rip open a package, and start gnawing on a fruitcake.”

“Lussurioso: "Welcome, be not far off, we must be better acquainted. Push, be bold with us, thy hand!"
Vindice: "With all my heart, i'faith. How dost, sweet musk-cat?
When shall we lie together?"
Lussurioso: (aside) "Wondrous knave!
Gather him into boldness? 'Sfoot, the slave's
Already as familiar as an ague,
And shakes me at his pleasure! -- Friend, I can
Forget myself in private, but elsewhere,
I pray do you remember be."
Vindice: "Oh, very well, sir.
I conster myself saucy."
Lussurioso: "What hast been? What profession?"
Vindice: "A bone-setter."
Lussurioso: "A bone-setter!"
Vindice: "A bawd, my lord, one that sets bones together."
Lussurioso: (aside) "Notable bluntness!”



“E' sbagliato pensare di risolvere grossi problemi con il solo ausilio delle patate fritte.”



“it will be generally found that the popular joke is not true to the letter, but is true to the spirit. The joke is generally in the oddest way the truth and yet not the fact.”



“The room looks as if a giant dog after a large lunch of food, socks, paints, trousers and pencils, walked into that room and vomited everywhere.”



“I was recently on a tour of Latin America, and the only regret I have was that I didn't study Latin harder in school so I could converse with those people.”

“What I Found in My Desk
A ripe peach with an ugly bruise,
a pair of stinky tennis shoes,
a day-old ham-and-cheese on rye,
a swimsuit that I left to dry,
a pencil that glows in the dark,
some bubble gum found in the park,
a paper bag with cookie crumbs,
an old kazoo that barely hums,
a spelling test I almost failed,
a letter that I should have mailed,
and one more thing, I must confess,
a note from teacher: Clean This Mess!!!!”

“Fs Are "Fabulous"
Hey, Mom and Dad! I got my grades!
And you'll be thrilled to hear
the marks on our report cards
are changed around this year.
A bunch of kids were telling me
this morning on the bus,
that they had heard some teachers say
that Fs are "fabulous."
And Ds are proudly given out
for work that's "dynamite."
They're used to honor kids like me,
whose brains are really bright.
So C of course is super "cool"-
I've got a few of those.
I wish they could be Ds and Fs,
but that's the way it goes.
I'm pleased to see my teacher
didn't give an A or B.
I've worked too hard for one of those.
Gosh, aren't you proud of me?
I see you don't believe me.
You think that I am lying?
At least you will agree
that I should get an A for trying!”

“Believe it, achieve it.”

“I make my way back whistling. Gerry nods towards Mrs Brady who is standing beside the trolleys.
Morning, Mrs Brady, I say cheerfully.
I push her provisions out to the car.
Things are something terrible, she says. You can't trust anybody.
No.
It's come to a sorry pass.
It has.
There's hormones in the beef and tranquillizers in the bacon. There's men with breasts and women with mickeys. All from eating meat.
Now.
I steer a path between a crowd of people while she keeps step alongside.
Can you believe it - they're feeding the pigs Valium. If you boil a bit of bacon you have to lie down afterwards. Dear oh dear.
Yes, I nod.
The thought of food makes me ill.
The pigs are getting depressed in those sheds. If they get depressed they lose weight. So they tranquillize them. Where will it end?
I don't know, Mrs Brady, I say. I begin filling the boot.
That's why I started buying lamb. Then along came Chernobyl. Now you can't even have lamb stew or you'll light up at night! I swear. And when they've left you with nothing safe to eat, next thing they come along and tell you you can't live in your own house.
I haven't heard of that one, Mrs Brady.
Listen to me. She took my elbow. It could all happen that you're in your own house and the next thing is there's radiation bubbling under the floorboards.
What?
It comes right at you through the foundations. Watch the yogurts. Did you hear of that?
No.
I saw it in the
Champion
. Did you not see it in the
Champion
?
I might have.
No wonder we're not right.
I brought the lid of the boot down. She sits into the car very decorously and snaps her bag open on her lap. She winds down the window and gives me 50p for myself and £1 for the trolley.”



“No more creepy online alter egos in the name of love.”



“Ulysses was an elaborate prank, and our supposed intellectual elite continue to fall for it.”

“No matter how strong you are, you cannot hold open the jaws of a great-white shark with your bare hands... that can do your brain.”

“And Talon did not understand – no, strike that, he didn‘t want to understand – why seeing Hawk and Roadkill together gave him a funny ache in the pit of his stomach. Every time he looked at Flit, the ache got worse.
He needed to get laid.”



“Dying's a fearful popular activity these days so we often double 'em up.”



“How I ever could have thought he was boring or easy was beyond me’ (Daisy, 'Friendship on Fire', p. 471).”

“No, she laughed." How on earth could that be done? If you try to laugh and say ‘No’ at the same time, it sounds like neighing — yet people are perpetually doing it in novels. If they did it in real life they would be locked up.”

“Nothing can be more notorious than the calumnies and invectives with which the wisest measures and most virtuous characters of The United States have been pursued and traduced [By American Newspapers]”

“During the Bosnian war in the late 1990s, I spent several days traveling around the country with Susan Sontag and her son, my dear friend David Rieff. On one occasion, we made a special detour to the town of Zenica, where there was reported to be a serious infiltration of outside Muslim extremists: a charge that was often used to slander the Bosnian government of the time. We found very little evidence of that, but the community itself was much riven as between Muslim, Croat, and Serb. No faction was strong enough to predominate, each was strong enough to veto the other's candidate for the chairmanship of the city council. Eventually, and in a way that was characteristically Bosnian, all three parties called on one of the town's few Jews and asked him to assume the job. We called on him, and found that he was also the resident intellectual, with a natural gift for synthesizing matters. After we left him, Susan began to chortle in the car. 'What do you think?' she asked. 'Do you think that the only dentist and the only shrink in Zenica are Jewish also?' It would be dense to have pretended not to see her joke.”




“Wainscott, Deepspace Operations Group,’ said the man. ‘Wasn’t here, don’t exist, pleased to meet you.”



“Elsie eyed him puzzledly, and then offered, "Would you like to see my plate?”



“When the waiter brought the cheese-board, there was a large carrot carved in the shape of a mermaid sitting between the Dolcelatte and the Pecorino. Teo could have sworn that the carrot-mermaid flexed her tail and plunged her little hand inside a smelly Gorgonzola. 'Tyromancy, ye know,' remarked the mermaid. 'The Ancient Art of Divination by Cheese.' Then she pulled her tiny hand out and inspected the green cheese-mold on her tiny fingers. 'Lackaday!' she moaned. 'Stinking! It goes poorly for Venice and Teodora, it do!”



“Pete couldn't believe how sanctimonious somebody could be just because they'd once had a soldering iron stuck up their arse.”



“You ever want to negotiate a hostage situation in Quebec, I'm your man. Send me in for a little parley and the francophone miscreants will flee, hands over bleeding ears.”



“The Brit's face shares a heritage with a junkyard butt-sniffing mutt. It's a hard-earned moonshine mug, dotted with a hairy mole that looks like a rat's been gnawing on it. His beard looks like a white sneeze. The teeth are jagged and out of alignment, having opened quarts at Jiffy Quick Lube for half a decade.”

“The only good thing about that decision, Gatt, is that I'll get tea before you.”

“Ever since I discovered that my god given male member was going to give me no peace, I decided to give it no rest in return.”

“Public schoolboys are not merely conservatives, they are by nature totalitarian reactionaries.”

“Tell me,' he asked, with some embarassment, as we strolled along: 'you're a bloody German, aren't you?'
'Oh, no. I'm Hungarian.'
'Hungarian?'
'Hungarian.'
'What's that? Is that a country? Or you are just having me on?
'Not at all. On my word of honour, it is a country.'
'And where do you Hungarians live?'
'In Hungary. Between Austria, Romania, Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia'.
'Come off it. Those places were made up by Shakespeare.”



“People don't seem as annoying when I've got coffee”



“One of the police found a garden chair that I could stand on and they eyed me suspiciously as I tried to slide through the window.
The fleece that I was wearing was padding me out too much so I took it off.
I tried again, and this time it was my pen, pen-torch and scissors in my shirt pocket that got in the way. I moved them into my trouser pocket.
One of the police asked if it would help if I was buttered up.
I pretended not to listen to him.
Or the giggles of my crewmate.
”



“It's only human nature for dogs to chase motorbikes”

“Angela Merkel zitiere ich ja am liebsten wörtlich, ich hab noch keine bessere Möglichkeit gefunden diese Frau zu beleidigen.”

“Chancellor Gerhard Schröder has several times made statements to the effect that we Europeans should not cultivate a superficial anti-Americanism.
But mine isn't superficial at all.
Personally I have nothing against the US itself - it's a beautiful country - it's the people who live there that are the problem.
I guess you could say it's the same thing with Bavaria.”

“It's only human nature for dogs to chase motrobikes”

“Henry, you mustn’t mind. It is really a kindness to have him.’ ‘Well, I do mind, Emily,’ said Mr Leslie, getting up. ‘Kindness is one thing and your family is another. You treat this house as if it were the Ark, Emily, inviting everyone in.’ ‘At least she doesn’t ask them in couples, sir,’ said David. ‘A female Holt would be appalling.’ ‘That’s enough,’ said his father. ‘If Mr Holt comes into this house, I go out of it.’ He took a cigar from the sideboard and went out, almost slamming the door.”



“I'm afraid it sounds very rude, but I hope from the bottom of my heart that I shall never set eyes on any of you again.”



“Hope?! Hope is a bit desperate, isn't it? Hope is right below wishful thinking and right above performing a rain dance.”

“I meant to be nice, but there were so many other options.”

“Bookstores are wondrous places, are they not?”



“Welcome to gym. Where the quads and glutes and delts and pects, are the gods of brutes and svelte and sex.”



“There does seem to be a something in the air of Hartfield which gives love exactly the right direction, and sends it into the very channel where it ought to flow.”



“J'avoue que je suis quelque peu décontenancée par ce que vous venez de m'apprendre. Venir au monde, ou en tout cas connaître le jour dans un sac à main, qu'il ait des poignées ou non, me semble témoigner d'un mépris des convenances habituelles de la vie de famille qui rappelle les pires excès de la Révolution française. Et je présume que vous savez à quoi a conduit cette malheureuse agitation ? Quant au lieu précis où fut trouvé ce sac à main, une consigne de gare peut dort bien servir à dissimuler un faux-pas et il est probable qu'elle a déjà été utilisée à cette fin ; mais on ne peut guère la considérer comme le fondement assuré d'une position reconnue dans la bonne société."
Lady Bracknell, Act I (L'importance d'être Constant)”

“Lorsque tu verras une bonne
D'enfants, et non autre personne,
Assise au milieu d'un tender
Ou wagon de chemin de fer,
Découvres-toi sur son passage,
Salut à son noble visage !
Moralité
A bonne en tender, salut. "
(Fables de Joinville)”

“I was much affected by the internal troubles of the Punch family; I thought that with a little more tact on the part of Mrs. Punch and some restraint held over a temper, naturally violent, by Mr. Punch, a great deal of this sad misunderstanding might have been prevented.”



“Defensive driving' meant we travelled so slowly we were often overtaken by maimed war veterans on tricycles”



“Let me get this straight. The future of our relationship hinged on advice from a fifteen-year-old girl, a probably untrue story from a one-eyed Chihuahua trainer, and me unromantically - yet skillfully - kissing you on top of silverware and china?”




“I walk. I talk. I shop. I sneeze. I'm gonna be a fireman when the floods roll back. There's trees in the desert since you moved out, and I don't sleep on a bed of bones.”

“Monseigneur, I have killed you! You are dead! You are dead!"
You display an unseemly joy," he remarked. "I had no notion you were so bloodthirsty.”



“The awful part of the writing game is that you can never be sure the stuff is any good.”



“Q. Why don't the British panic?
A. They do, but very quietly. It is impossible for the naked eye to tell their panic from their ecstasy.”



“The club is too loud to talk, so after a couple of drinks, everyone feels like the centre of attention but completely cut off from participating with anyone else.
You're the corpse in an English murder mystery.”



“Many obese people spend a significant amount of their energy on suppressing the urge to tell some of the people who are staring at them that they do not eat as much and as frequently as they seem to.”

“If u want to work in Corporate, then u should know how to play Chess.”

“Xander Harris: Hair. Red. Red is good. Fire engines are red. Porsche's are red.”



“And that noise! It was enough to make that happy mailman on Mr. Rogers go postal!”



“I think that people's sexual preferences are a legitimate subject for humour, dirty humour if at all possible.”

“I swear to hold my tongue about it till the end of your worship's days, and God grant I may be able to let it out tomorrow”



“Fabre stood up. He placed his fingertips on d‘Anton’s temples. “Put your fingers here,” he said. “Feel the resonance. Put them here, and here.” He jabbed at d’Anton’s face: below the cheekbones, at the side of his jaw. “I’ll teach you like an actor,” he said. “This city is our stage.”
Camille said: “Book of Ezekiel. ‘This city is the cauldron, and we the flesh’ ...”
Fabre turned. “This stutter,” he said. “You don’t have to do it.” Camille put his hands over his eyes. “Leave me alone,” he said. “Even you.” Fabre’s face was incandescent. “Even you, I am going to teach.” He leapt forward, wrenched Camille upright in his chair. He took him by the shoulders and shook him. “You’re going to talk properly,” Fabre said. “Even if it kills one of us.” Camille put his hands protectively over his head. Fabre continued to perpetrate violence; d’Anton was too tired to intervene.”



“Breakfast isn't breakfast without breakfast.”

“Bustle about Noddy, or we shant be in time to snabble any of the lobster patties.”



“Eins var algengt hjá okkur ef spurt var um líðan einhvers manns: iss hann er feitur; en það þýddi að honum liði vel, eða einsog sagt mundi vera í Danmörku, að hann væri hamingjusamur. Ef einhverjum leið illa, þá var sagt sem svo: æ það hálfsér á honum; og væri sá nær dauða en lífi sem um var rætt, þá var sagt: æ það er í er í honum einhver lurða. Ef einhver var um það bil að verða ellidauður, þá var sagt: æjá hann er hættur að bleyta smjörið. Um þann sem lá banaleguna var sagt: já hann er nú að berja nestið auminginn. Um dauðvona ungling var sagt að það liti ekki út fyrir að hann ætti að kemba hærurnar.”



“He felt water run down his back from the damp brickwork he was sitting against, and as he worried distantly about corrosion he realised you can always fall a little further. A moment ago he thought he'd bottomed out, but now he was concerned about personal rust. Mother of fuck.”



“A sturdy hold, but I think there's something up with the material.”



“Lady Constance's lips tightened, and a moment passed during which it seemed always a fifty-fifty chance that a handsome silver ink-pot would fly through the air in the direction of her brother's head.”



“The old who refuse to die merely on principle live on forever, to hate life and complain of all the things they could have been spared had they the good sense to die young.”

“If you truly believe you need to pick a mobile phone that "says something" about your personality, don't bother. You don't have a personality. A mental illness, maybe - but not a personality.”

“Is it colour?’
‘Oh yes.’
‘You don’t let me down.You are my ambassador to pr0n, man.”



“Viņudien skatos - govs norāvusies un iebridusi bietēs. Es saku: "Vaidav, izlīdziet!" Un ko jūs domājat! Aizskrēja. Vienreiz iekoda kājā un tūdaļ atpakaļ. Ausis nolaidis, aste kājstarpē. Viņš jutās neērti. Es arī. Govs tāpat. Visiem trim kauns.”

“What in cat hell just happened?”



“It is a truth universally acknowledged that a man in possession of a warm house and a well-stocked fridge must be in want of a cat.”



“Please just admit it," said Valkyrie. "You're going to miss me, aren't you?"
"Obviously," said Skulduggery.
"Thank you."
"like a drowning man misses the land."
"Aw w w..."
"Like a hesitant man misses the chance."
"Yeah..."
"Like an oblivious man misses the point."
"I have a feeling you're mocking me somehow, but I can't put my finger on how.”

“Throughout time, we, as cats, have been worshipped by lower beings such as humans. Nothing has changed.”



“You talk like we're in open warfare."
"Aren't we?" The man blew on his tea. "You're pointing a gun at something."
"I'm annoyed.”



“I don't have a thing," Tengo said, "except my soul."
"Sounds like a job for Mephistopheles," she said.”



“Just looking at him made Andrew feel tense and irritated. It was wonder perfect strangers didn't go up to the guy and punch him in the face.”



“...Recognising, as I do, that you are the second highest expert in Europe--"
"Indeed, sir! May I inquire who has the honour to be the first?" Asked Holmes, with some asperity.
"To the man of precised, scientific mind the work of Monsieur Bertillon must always appeal strongly."
"Then had you not better consult him?"
"I said, sir, to the precisely scientific mind. But as a practical man of affairs it is acknowledged that you stand alone. I trust, sir, that I have not inadvertently--"
"Just a little," said Holmes.”




“It also makes my father right again. How will I ever soar with the eagles if I'm surrounded by turkeys?”



“Somebody should have taken him to a stationary store and pointed out the difference between an envelope and a whore.”



“It’s a popular fact that 90 percent of the brain is not used and, like most popular facts, it is wrong. . . . It is used. One of its functions is to make the miraculous seem ordinary, to turn the unusual into the usual. Otherwise, human beings, faced with the daily wondrousness of everything, would go around wearing a stupid grin, saying “Wow,” a lot. Part of the brain exists to stop this from happening.”



“Stop looking at the walls, look out the window.”



“The mice were furious."
[...]
"Oh yes," said the old man mildly.
"Yes well so I expect were the dogs and cats and duckbilled platypuses, but..."
"Ah, but they hadn't paid for it you see, had they?"
"Look," said Arthur, "would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?"
[...]
"Earthman, the planet you lived on was commissioned, paid for, and run by mice. It was destroyed five minutes before the completion of the purpose for which it was built, and we've got to build another one."
Only one word registered with Arthur.
"Mice?" he said.
"Indeed Earthman."
"Look, sorry - are we talking about the little white furry things with the cheese fixation and women standing on tables screaming in early sixties sit coms?"
Slartibartfast coughed politely.
"[...] These creatures you call mice, you see, they are not quite as they appear. They are merely the protrusion into our dimension of vast hyperintelligent pandimensional beings. The whole business with the cheese and the squeaking is just a front."
The old man paused, and with a sympathetic frown continued.
"They've been experimenting on you, I'm afraid.”



“- Where is Polonius?
- In heaven; send hither to see: if your messenger find him not there, seek him i' the other place yourself.”



“Did he know she could barely think, let alone speak, for awareness of proximity of his fingers?
Of course he knew. He was a rake. This is what he did.”



“Our bellies are empty and our patience is short...submit to us and we will make of you a great quiche!'
'Again with the QUICHE?! What kind of self-respecting monster would eat a DAINTY PASTRY DISH?! STEW is what we will make of their bones!'
'Don't get greedy on me! There's three of them! I just want the little one for my quiche!'
'It was nothing to do with greed! It's a matter of principle! MONSTERS DO NOT EAT QUICHE!”



“Sometimes the body gets out of bed an hour before the brain.”

“Being single isn't a terminal disease."
"Try telling that to my mother.”



“L'ancienneté, chez les punks, était signe de crédibilité et conférait prestige et avantages divers. Un des rares points communs entre punk rock et fonction publique.”



“A five-week sand blizzard?" said Deep Thought haughtily. "You ask this of me who have contemplated the very vectors of the atoms in the Big Bang itself? Molest me not with this pocket calculator stuff.”



“All trademarks, company names, registered names, products, characters, mottos, logos, jingles and catchphrases used or cited in this work are the property of their respective owners and have only been mentioned and or used as cultural references to enhance the narrative and in no way were used to disparage or harm the owners and their companies. It is the author's sincerest wish the owners of the cited trademarks, company names, etc. appreciate the success they have achieved in making their products household names and appreciate the free plug.”



“Oh—and you need to work on making my opinion more important than Josh’s, too. I know it’s a stretch—he’s your most intimate relationship to date, but when you’re balls deep in my ass, I’d prefer you not be wondering if it counts as a workout.”



“Honestly—who puts a hamburger next to diet tofu curry unless they’re trying to buy your soul?”



“The boy knew that escaping school was the surest sign of his election.”



“The grass on the other side of the hill may well be greener, but you should always check that there isn't something with teeth and claws crouching in it.”



“Liberace was certainly master and commander of the ivories ~ he is the only pianist I can watch or listen to without suffering a case of 'Stagefright Sympathy Sickness'.”

“You can't always be right, but you can be wrong a lot less”



“I've had quite enough danger for a while I think. I might have some more when I'm thirteen, but definitely not before then...”



“...food was at least three million per cent more delicious when you ate it immediately after thinking you were going to die.”



“Лейтенанту Шейскопфу отчаянно хотелось завоевать первое место на параде, и, обдумывая, как это сделать, он просиживал за столом чуть не до рассвета, в то время как его жена, охваченная любовным трепетом, дожидалась его в постели, перелистывая заветные страницы Крафта-Эббинга.
Муж в это время читал книги по строевой подготовке. Он закупал коробками шоколадных солдатиков и переставлял их на столе, пока они не начинали таять в руках, и тогда он принимался за пластмассовых ковбоев, выстраивая их по двенадцати в ряд. Этих ковбоев он выписал по почте на вымышленную фамилию и днем держал под замком, подальше от чужих глаз. Альбом с анатомическими рисунками Леонардо да Винчи стал его настольной книгой. Однажды вечером он почувствовал, что ему необходима живая модель, и приказал жене промаршировать по комнате.
— Голой?! — с надеждой в голосе спросила она.
Лейтенант Шейскопф в отчаянии схватился за голову. Он проклинал судьбу за то, что она связала его с этой женщиной, не способной подняться выше похоти и понять душу благородного мужчины, который геройски ведет поистине титаническую борьбу во имя недосягаемого идеала.
— Почему ты меня никогда не постегаешь кнутом, милый? — обиженно надув губки, однажды ночью спросила жена.
— Потому что у меня нет на это времени, — нетерпеливо огрызнулся он. — Нет времени, ясно? Неужели ты не знаешь, что у меня парад на носу?”



“If water was beer I'd be a teetotaler”



“You know what they say, Two pairs a company, cheese a croud”

“In his autobiography Stravinsky relates that the first music he remembers was made by a peasant, working his hand in his armpit to produce a rhytmic farting.”



“He was under the mistaken impression that I didn't have enough tact.
The truth was, I had no tact.”



“It was entirely possible I would sexually assault him if I got too close.”

“You think I can't get it up anymore, maybe? Lemme tell you, you eat enough garlic and it stands up every time.”

“Death by creaming”



“The gods damn you, look what you've done! If I want to grow this back, I'll have to endure the most terrifying sex imaginable! Gaahhhhhhh!”




“This is Waldo Butters, and his geek penis is longer and harder than any of ours put together.”



“Americans invented adolescence. It is not a natural phenomenon. Adolescence is a social construct, created by an urban-industrial society that keeps its young at home far past puberty. Teenage angst is a luxury if a successful modern human conceit that isn't condoned by our superior species.”



“Oh, I hate the cheap severity of abstract ethics!”



“I’m waiting for the day when Rush Limbaugh’s pharmacist writes a book.”

“Ah college years, those were the days. Pure freedom ... leaving home for the first time…the parties…”
"What about the tutorials, the lectures, the large building with all the books called the ‘library’?”
“Is that what those were?” Gerry blithely replied.”



“As Danton sees it, the most bizarre aspect of Camille's character is his desire to scribble over every blank surface; he sees a guileless piece of paper, virgin and harmless, and persecutes it till it is black with words, and then besmirches its sister, and so on, through the quire.”



“He feared, in his secret heart, that one day in company the baby would sit up and speak; that it would engage his eyes, appraise him, and say, 'You prick.”



“This revolution - will it be a living?'
'We must hope so. Look, I have to go, I'm visiting a client. He's going to be hanged tomorrow.'
'Is that usual?'
'Oh, they always hang my clients. Even in property and matrimonial cases.”



“Yes,' Spade growled. 'And when you're slapped you'll take it and like it.' He released Cairo's wrist and with a thick open hand struck the side of his face three times savagely.”



“We took a bus to the nearby monastery of one of the last great Tang dynasty Chan masters, Yun-men. Yun-men was known for his pithy “one word” Zen. When asked “What is the highest teaching of the Buddha?” he replied: “An appropriate statement.” On another occasion, he answered: “Cake.” I admired his directness.”



“I'll be with my sister. And believe it or not, she has a phone and everything. She stopped using smoke signals last year." - Nana”



“Adam pressed his hand to his face. Sighed. "Right. It's just that… He died. And I'm so freaking pissed off, I swear I'd punch him in the face if he were standing right here.”



“Question everything, unless it's the answer”

“The whole room said, "Admire without touching anything and then get out.”



“Just then there came the wheezy sound of an accordion. It was an odd little tune that, had he been alive exactly one hundred and fifty years later, the scarf-wearing pirate would have recognized as the first few bars from ‘Theme to Murder, She Wrote’.”



“This is why I didn’t get married last year,” she said to him. “I wouldn’t be here to nurse you.” She thought about that for a moment. “Of course, one could make the argument that you wouldn’t be in this situation if not for me. But we’re not going to dwell upon that.”



“For my part, I am determined never to speak of it again to anybody. I told my sister Phillips so the other day.”



“The great are eternally at the mercy of tiny men. And also, tiny madwomen.”

“I left the warehouse at 8.00am. I don't believe in 8.00am. It exists, though. 8.00am is incontrovertible evidence that evil dwells in the world.”



“I remember one incident which bears upon this part of the treatise. The gentleman who gave it to me had asked to see my tobacco-pipe; he examined it carefully, and when he came to the little protuberance at the bottom of the bowl he seemed much delighted, and exclaimed that it must be rudimentary. I asked him what he meant.
"Sir," he answered, "this organ is identical with the rim at the bottom of a cup; it is but another form of the same function. Its purposes must have been to keep the heat of the pipe from marking the table upon which it rested. You would find, if you were to look up the history of tobacco-pipes, that in early specimens this protuberance was of a different shape to what it is now. It will have been broad at the bottom, and flat, so that while the pipe was being smoked the bowl might rest upon the table without marking it. Use and disuse must have come into play and reduced the function its present rudimentary condition. I should not be surprised, sir," he continued, "if, in the course of time, it were to become modified still farther, and to assume the form of an ornamental leaf or scroll, or even a butterfly, while in some cases, it will become extinct.”



“All that evening he talked to the Candle of Arras, in a low confidential tone. When you get down to it, he thought, there's not much difference between politics and sex; it's all about
power. He didn't suppose he was the first person in the world to make this observation. It's a question of seduction, and how fast and cheap you can effect it: if Camille, he thought, approximates to one of those little milliners who can't make ends meet - in other words, an absolute pushover - then Robespierre is a Carmelite, mind set on becoming Mother Superior. You can't corrupt her; you can wave your cock under her nose, and she's neither shocked nor interested: why should she be, when she hasn't the remotest idea
what it's for?”



“The year was dying early, the leaves were falling fast, it was a raw cold day when we took possession, and the gloom of the house was most depressing. The cook (an amiable woman, but of a weak turn of intellect) burst into tears on beholding the kitchen, and requested that her silver watch might be delivered over to her sister (2 Tuppintock’s Gardens, Liggs’s Walk, Clapham Rise), in the event of anything happening to her from the damp. Streaker, the housemaid, feigned cheerfulness, but was the greater martyr. The Odd Girl, who had never been in the country, alone was pleased, and made arrangements for sowing an acorn in the garden outside the scullery window, and rearing an oak.”



“Just then Trafton walked up to the four of us. "I can see this is a little gang on campus" said Trafton "How do I join?"
"Dial 1800 - not on your life and see how that works out for you," said Lisabelle
Tafton smiled at her "I know that behind that harsh exterior you have a kind and gentle soul." "No" said Lisabelle "I really don't. I'm pretty much always this unpleasant with the desired result of being left alone. Why am I not being left alone?”

“And the way you lost your temper!" went on Wallis enthusiastically. "Oh, Mr. Allan, it was beautiful! You haven't been more than to say snarly since the accident! It was so like the way you used to throw hair-brushes--”



“For some reason she found that Allan Harrington's attitude of absolute detachment made the whole affair seem much easier for her. And when Mrs. Harrington slipped a solitaire diamond into her hand as she went, instead of disliking it she enjoyed its feel on her finger, and the flash of it in the light. She thanked Mrs. Harrington for it with real gratitude. But it made her feel more than ever engaged to marry her mother-in-law.”

“
If you have to explain a joke, it hasn't worked.”

“Detective Inspector Eccles sighed. He may ordinarily have met his sigh with the question of why the newly appointed Superintendent Dickinson was turning up to this late hour crime scene, he may also ordinarily question why his superior officer was dressed as Julius Caesar, in full tunic and green leafy wreath, yet ever since the new and youngest-ever-appointed superintendent had arrived at the Met it had been all too clear he was an officer who didn’t quite do things by the eBook.”

“And remember, Wallis, there's something the matter with Mr. Allan's shutters. They won't always close the sunshine out as they should."
Wallis almost winked, if an elderly, mutton-chopped servitor can be imagined as winking.
"No, ma'am," he promised. Something wrong with 'em. I'll remember, ma'am.”



“He looked like a young Crusader on a tomb. That was Phyllis's first impression of Allan Harrington.”



“Evil influence is like a nicotine patch, you cannot help but absorb what sticks to you.”




“Armour... is part of a state of mind... in which you admit the possibility... of being hit.”



“I heard you went to Ireland...I haven't seen it in many years. Is it still green then, and beautiful?
Wet as a bath sponge and mud to the knees but, aye, it was green enough.”



“Julia's unhappy relationship with the Inland Revenue was due to her omission, during four years of modestly successful practice at the Bar, to pay any income tax. The truth is, I think, that she did not, in her heart of hearts, really believe in income tax. It was a subject which she had studied for examinations and on which she had thereafter advised a number of clients: she naturally did not suppose, in these circumstances, that it had anything to do with real life.”



“Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic”

“Why couldn't Rachel be a little more specific about the type of person she was? Goodness knew; if she were a hippie I'd talk to her about her drug experiences, the zodiac, tarot cards. If she were left-wing I'd look miserable, hate Greece, and eat baked beans straight from the tin. If she were the sporty type I'd play her at... chess and backgammon and things.”



“Historical Re-creation, he thought glumly, as they picked their way across, under, over or through the boulders and insect-buzzing heaps of splintered timber, with streamlets running everywhere. Only we do it with people dressing up and running around with blunt weapons, and people selling hot dogs, and the girls all miserable because they can only dress up as wenches, wenching being the only job available to women in the olden days.”



“What kind of slut do you think I am?”
Theo bumped his hips against hers. “This might not be the best moment to ask me that.”



“But a cock does not enter a hen… it enters a…meow-meow!”

“I mean really, how could an artistic individual stay grounded in the nitty-gritty of how many minutes per pound meat has to stay in the oven when trying to fathom the creative philosophy behind the greatest artistic minds of the world?”



“Vanity's contribution to Fiction in general was an abundance of cheap labour and the occasional blockbuster, which was accepted into Fiction with an apologetic 'gosh, don't know how that happened'.”



“Hundreds of hysterical persons must confuse these phenomena with messages from the beyond and take their glory to the bishop rather than the eye doctor.”

“...Come on let’s see the degree.”
Katherine unrolled her scroll displaying a long declaration in Latin affixed with a red seal proclaiming her a Master of Art.
“Imagine working for years to obtain a piece of paper we can hardly read ” Katherine joked.
“And to officially declare you have talent ” Suzy returned.”



“The shock of photographed atrocities wears off with repeated viewings, just as the surprise and bemusement felt the first time one sees a pornographic movie wear off after one sees a few more.”

“Excuse me,” she said, her voice tight. “But if I’d known there was going to be a firearms examination at the end of the kidnapping, by God, I would have studied for it!”



“But cocks aren’t supposed to lay eggs...” Sahil said, trying to untangle himself. “...they’re supposed to fertilise them.”

“Spring had come finally and after much hesitation, to Lincoln's Inn Fields and there were daffodils out upon the green grass and gilly-flowers blooming in the window-boxes of the ground floor sets. This being Lincoln's Inn, where an air of general severity prevails, they did so with an unconscionable meekness, as if they feared that some legal eminence- Mr Crabbe perhaps- would descend in wrath from his chambers and present them with a writ for unlicensed blossoming or occupying too great a proportion of space.”



“... there was one new metallic monstrosity stacked in one corner that she hadn’t seen the last time she was a visitor to his strange chamber, it appeared to be a mass of hard drives all fused together, but they looked too sophisticated to be merely hard drives.
“What on earth is that?”
“That’s my Kung Fu,” he said proudly, patting the top of the futuristic-looking stack.
“Is that what you wanted to show me?”
“No, but it’s impressive, isn’t it?”
“If you say so.”
Steves sighed and shook his head, so few people could appreciate the intellectual complexity of an almost untraceable hacking device.”



“If you count sheep before you go to sleep, are you barrrrr'd from dreams?”

“That´s the problem with planning a late night supper after the opera, not only does the hero or the heroine die singing, but you end up famished after the last notes of the finale.”



“At the bottom of the hill they came out of the trees to a busy street and Antwan said, "We cross here."
"Ain't no lights here," Antwan said. "Just look out for the ones trying to hit you. There's a nice-looking blonde-haired female human lives around here - any time she sees me she tries to run me down.”



“She’d never known a man whose initial move was to undress the woman he wanted.”



“You can’t possibly be afraid of trees.”



“Finally, Charlie gave up the hunt and placed (the puppy) back on the floor, dispatching fleas was not his idea of a romantic evening, unless you happened to be a twisted exterminator, he thought.”



“...trying to predict whether global warming will moderate the next ice age is not only impossible but irrelevant. It doesn't help us get through the next few centuries. And one can only imagine our future, shivering, ice age descendants cursing us for leaving them no fossil fuel to create a global warming "greenhouse" effect when one is really needed.”

“So Basically I'm the Antichrist , and the whole world is fucked because of me"
- Jordon Hanson.”

“Glenn could see I was bricking it and turned round to me as I sat there, gripping the armrests.
"You all right?" he said.
"I hate flying, Boss. I'm shitting myself."
"Don't worry, Merse. It's going to be OK. We *won't* crash."
I thought, "Thank God for that. Glenn's said we're going to be safe. Nothing's going to fuck with us now.”



“Look!" Hawkeye said.
Duke looked where Hawkeye was pointing. In one corner, kneeling on the dirt floor with his elbows on his cot, a Bible in front of him, his lips moving slowly, and oblivious to all about him, was Major Jonathan Hobson.
"Jesus," Hawkeye said.
"It don't look like Him," Duke said.”



“I crawled back to bed, knowing I was done for. Hours later, the phone in our room started ringing. It was George. He was not happy.
"Room 312. Now!" he shouted.
Bouldy got up. I tried to pull myself together, splashing my face with water and hauling on my shorts and flip flops. It was a lovely day outside, the sun was scorching hot and there wasn't a cloud in the sky, but it might as well have been a pissing wet morning in St Albans for all I cared. I felt sick to the pit of my stomach as we made the Walk of Death to Room 312, which I knew was Paul and Gus's room.
When we walked in, I thought I'd arrived in downtown Baghdad. Water dripped from the ceiling. The board games were in pieces and all the plastic parts were scattered over the floor. The balcony window was wide open and I could see a bed upended by the pool outside.”



“One soldier picked up a dead Argentine, supported the corpse's weight underneath his arm, put a cigarette in the dead man's mouth, then one in his own. He then held a lighter under the corpse's cigarette and his friend took a photograph. They both laughed. I also laughed.
This was foolish ― smoking can kill.”



“Tiffany knew what the problem was immediately. She'd seen it before, at
birthday parties. Her brother was suffering from tragic sweet
deprivation. Yes, he was surrounded by sweets. But the moment he took any
sweet at all, said his sugar-addled brain, that meant he was not taking
all the rest. And there were so many sweets he'd never be able to eat
them all. It was too much to cope with. The only solution was to burst
into tears.”




“Well, some men learn by listening, some read, some observe and analyze — and some of us just have to pee on the electric fence.”



“You’re so damn big,” she whispered.
“Why, thank you cariño,” he said.”



“I'm not a hypochondriac, but my gynaecologist firmly believes I am.”

“On my first day in London I made an early start. Reaching the Public Record Office not much after ten, I soon secured the papers I needed for my research and settled in my place. I became, as is the way of the scholar, so deeply absorbed as to lose all consciousness of my surroundings or of the passage of time. When at last I came to myself, it was almost eleven and I was quite exhausted: I knew I could not prudently continue without refreshment.”



“It appears that countless women born between the years of 1965 and 1978 are in love with John Cusack. I cannot fathom how he isn't the number-one box office star in America, because every straight girl I know would seel her soul to share a milkshake with that motherfucker.”



“Humanity, let us say, is like people packed in an automobile which is traveling downhill without lights at terrific speed and driven by a four-year-old child. The signposts along the way are all marked 'Progress.”

“The clock in the church tower said 4.32, as it had done for three hundred years. It was right once a day and that was better than no clock at all.”

“Just because you disagreed with the Poll Tax and detested Margaret Thatcher—"
"Detest is a little inappropriate," Parlabane said. "Maybe closer to say I spent the entire Eighties wishing I was pissing on her rotting corpse.”



“Move your hands, Morgan,” he commanded.
“It hurts!” she protested.
“It’s supposed to.”



“And we dress, sir --?" he murmured, feeling Osnard's gaze burning the nape of his neck. "Most of my gentlemen seem to favour left these days. I don't
think
it's political."
This was his standard joke, calculated to raise a laugh even with the most sedate of his customers. Not with Osnard apparently.
"Never know where the bloody thing is. Bobs about like a windsock," he replied dismissively.”



“It was nothing. We played tic-tac-toe for a while. You know we do that sometimes."
"Oh, I know," Teagan says.
"Okay, how did you make that sound like we were rolling around ripping off each other's clothes?”



“Joe Spork opens the door. The man departs. Joe turns to Polly to say something about how they’re obviously not going to Portsmouth, and finds an oyster knife balanced on his cheek, just under his eye.
“Can we be very clear,” Polly Cradle murmurs, “that I am not your booby sidekick or your Bond girl? That I am an independent supervillain in my own right?”
Joe swallows. “Yes, we can,” he says carefully.
“There will therefore be no more ‘Say hello, Polly’?”
“There will not.”



“This Earle of Oxford, making of his low obeisance to Queen Elizabeth, happened to let a Fart, at which he was so abashed and ashamed that he went to Travell, 7 yeares. On his returne the Queen welcomed him home, and sayd, My Lord, I had forgott the Fart.”



“Twelve dead?” I said. “Jesus.”



“Have you lost your teeny tiny mind, you too-tall, too-skinny, too-crazy jerk?”
“Oh, look who’s talking, Miss Let’s Blunder Around the Time Stream and Hang the Consequences! Thanks to you, we’ve got a dead Marc and a
live Marc in the same timeline . . . in the same house! Thanks to you, I got chomped on by a dim, blonde, undead, selfish, whorish, blood-sucking
leech when I was minding my own business in the past.”
“Don’t you call me dim!”
“Um. Everyone. Perhaps we should—” Tina began.
“Wait, when did this happen?” Marc asked. He had the look of a man desperately trying to buy a vowel. “Past, an hour ago? Past, last year? Help
me out.”
“Oh, biiiiig surprise!” Laura threw her (perfectly manicured) hands in the air. “Let me guess, you were soooo busy banging your dead husband
that you haven’t had time to tell anybody anything.”
“I was getting to it,” I whined.
“Then after not telling anyone anything and not being proactive—or even active!—you grow up to destroy the world and bring about eternal
nuclear winter or whatever the heck that was and how do you deal with your foreknowledge of terrible events to come? Have sex!”
“An affirmation of life?” Sinclair suggested. Never, I repeat, never had I loved him more. I was torn between slugging my sister and blowing my
husband. Hmm. Laura might have a point about my priorities . . . but jeez. Look at him. Yum.
“—even do it and what do you have to say for yourself? Huh?”
“You’re just uptight, repressed, smug, antisex, and jealous, you Antichristing morally superior, fundamentally evil bitch.”
Laura and Marc gasped. My husband groaned.”



“Mr. Richard odiava cordialmente a França. Ou ele não fosse inglês.”



“A pair of young mothers now became the centre of interest. They had risen from their lying-in much sooner than the doctors would otherwise have allowed. (French doctors are always very good about recognizing the importance of social events, and certainly in this case had the patients been forbidden the ball the might easily have fretted themselves to death.) One came as the Duchesse de Berri with l’Enfant du Miracle, and the other as Madame de Montespan and the Duc du Maine. The two husbands, the ghost of the Duc de Berri, a dagger sticking out of his evening dress, and Louis XIV, were rather embarrassed really by the horrible screams of their so very young heirs, and hurried to the bar together. The noise was indeed terrific, and Albertine said crossly that had she been consulted she would, in this case, have permitted and even encouraged the substitution of dolls. The infants were then dumped down to cry themselves to sleep among the coats on her bed, whence they were presently collected by their mothers’ monthly nannies. Nobody thereafter could feel quite sure that the noble families of Bregendir and Belestat were not hopelessly and for ever interchanged. As their initials and coronets were, unfortunately, the same, and their baby linen came from the same shop, it was impossible to identify the children for certain. The mothers were sent for, but the pleasures of society rediscovered having greatly befogged their maternal instincts, they were obliged to admit they had no idea which was which. With a tremendous amount of guilty giggling they spun a coin for the prettier of the two babies and left it at that.”



“And then, all of a sudden, he stopped, and his jaw dropped as though he had remembered something.
"The score!" he burst out. "Three goes o' rum! Why, shiver my timbers, if I hadn't forgotten my score!"
And, falling on a bench, he laughed until the tears ran down his cheeks. I could not help joining; and we laughed together, peal after peal, until the tavern rang again.”

“« Un livre de cuisine, ce n'est pas un livre de dépenses, mais un livre de recettes. »”

“For any given problem, if there's a simple solution it will already have been applied. So, perhaps, the solution isn't as simple as you think.”

“Sex doesn't interfere with your tennis; it's staying out all night trying to find it that affects your tennis.”

“Oh, sheep. I've lost all my sobbing colours.”



“She scarcely spoke at all and might have been one of those huge dolls which, when inclined backwards, say "Ma-ma" or "Pa-pa": though impossible to imagine in any position so undignified as that required for the mechanism to produce these syllables.”

“WHAT? YOU AGAIN?' he shouted in capital letters.”



“R.I.P.
Tom Conlon O'Rourke.
Not Dead, just Sleeping.”

“Baldrick: Have you got a plan, my lord?
Blackadder: Yes I have, and it's so cunning you can brush your teeth with it!”

“John the Skrull: (as Merlyn) "Here, listen. It's me, Merlyn, the magic man. There's no need for all this conflict, like. I command you to--"
Tink: "Suck my tits, you fairy fuckers!"
John the Skrull: "I was going to say 'give peace a chance'...”



“Captain Midlands: "I met the real you once."
John (Lennon) the Skrull: "You're meeting the real me now."
Captain Midlands: "I told him to get his bleedin' hair cut.”



“When a Lady chooses to Change Her Mind,' said the Mouse with a touch of hauteur, 'a Gentleman would consider it no more than her Privilege, and not Badger Her About It.”



“Dwarfs were not a naturally religious species, but in a world where pit props could crack without warning and pockets of fire damp could suddenly explode they'd seen the need for gods as the sort of supernatural equivalent of a hard hat. Besides, when you hit your thumb with an eight-pound hammer it's nice to be able to blaspheme. It takes a very special and strong-minded kind of atheist to jump up and down with their hand clasped under their other armpit and shout, "Oh, random-fluctuations-in-the-space-time-continuum!" or "Aaargh, primitive-and-outmoded-concept on a crutch!”




“WARNING: SUM OF DIS CHAPTA IS XTREMLY SCRAY. VIOWER EXCRETION ADVISD”



“I am not sleeping with you."
"We could probably manage it, though. Without getting too involved."
"No," she said.
"But why? I mean, if we're trusted friends? And it doesn't interfere with our responsibilities?"
"Did that line ever actually work for you?"
"I can't remember. But it probably did-it's brilliant.”



“Go fuck yourself Judge."
"Motion denied." answers the judge dryly.”



“He leaned in for a sniff. 'Smells like a horse's arse! I've got Ian!' -'No sniffing allowed! We never discussed sniffing! I cry foul!' Ian was outraged. 'I'm not giving you a shilling!' -'Give him a shilling! It's not his fault you smell like a horse's arse!”



“...and - holy shit was this song bad. It was like the singer was stabbing my ear with a dagger made of dried turds.”



“New Maxi-Pad Pets. Accessories for your period.
Brought to you by The Corporation: In your homes and
in your pants.”



“Centuries ago, sailors on long voyages used to leave a pair of pigs on every deserted island. Or they'd leave a pair of goats. Either way, on any future visit, the island would be a source of meat. These islands, they were pristine. These were home to breeds of birds with no natural predators. Breeds of birds that lived nowhere else on earth. The plants there, without enemies they evolved without thorns or poisons. Without predators and enemies, these islands, they were paradise.
The sailors, the next time they visited these islands, the only things still there would be herds of goats or pigs.
Oyster is telling this story.
The sailors called this "seeding meat."
Oyster says, "Does this remind you of anything? Maybe the ol' Adam and Eve story?"
Looking out the car window, he says, "You ever wonder when God's coming back with a lot of barbecue sauce?”



“I can lie about my name, I can lie about my school, but how am I going to lie about this fucking nose? "You seem like a very nice person Mr. Porte-Noir, but why do you go around covering the middle of your face like that?" Because suddenly it has taken off, the middle of my face! Because gone is the button of my childhood years, that pretty little thing that people used to look at in my carriage, and lo and behold, the middle of my face has begun to reach out towards God. Porte-Noir and Parsons my ass, kid, you have got J-E-W written right across the middle of your face...”



“Tom. Tom, look at me. Has Nora agreed to marry you?"
"No, but she will because she has to.”



“Tom, how many children do you think I have to have before I figure out you get them by having sex?"
"Of course there would be protection," he offered.
"Tons of it.”



“Maybe we could, um, go sit in the truck?" he said, but even as he said it, it sounded so dumb. And not exactly the way he wanted her to remember a marriage proposal.”



“Mr. Brundy, you are no doubt as well acquainted with my circumstances as I am with yours, so let us not beat about the bush. I have a fondness for the finer things in life, and I suppose I always will. As a result, I am frightfully expensive to maintain. I have already bankrupted my father, and have no doubt I should do the same to you, should you be so foolhardy as to persist in the desire for such a union. Furthermore, I have a shrewish disposition and a sharp tongue. My father, having despaired of seeing me wed to a gentleman of my own class, has ordered me to either accept your suit or seek employment. If I married you, it would be only for your wealth, and only because I find the prospect of marriage to you preferable –but only slightly!- to the life of a governess or a paid companion. If, knowing this, you still wish to marry me, why, you have only to name the day.”
Having delivered herself of this speech, Lady Helen waited expectantly for Mr. Brundy’s stammering retraction. Her suitor pondered her words for a long moment, then made his response.
“’ow about Thursday?”



“There is a certain amount which I shan't mention publicly," Elizabeth said. "Things about Lucia which I should never dream of stating openly."
"Those are just the ones I should like to hear about most," said Diva. "Just a few little titbits.”



“If your brother can't 'old 'is own against a bunch of orphans, 'e'd best leave off playing 'azard altogether!”



“I do think your brother grows more peculiar every day,' I complain to Edward when he comes to my rooms in Whitehall Palace to escort me to dinner.
'Which one?' he asks lazily. 'For you know I can do nothing right in the eyes of either. You would think they would be glad to have a York on the throne and peace in Christendom, and one of the finest Christmas feasts we have ever arranged; but no: Richard is leaving court to go back north as soon as the feast is over, to demonstrate his outrage that we are not slogging away in a battle with the French, and George is simply bad tempered.”



“Michael tousled my hair and said, "Remember, no more skateboards, right?" And then this gem: "If you ever break your arm skateboarding again..." He paused, flashing me a dimpled Charles Ingalls grin, which then suddenly disappeared. "I'll break the other one.”



“Mr. Brundy," she said with a nod, making the most perfunctory of curtsies to her father's guest.
He made no move to take her hand, but merely bowed and responded in kind. "Lady 'elen."
"My name is
Helen
, Mr. Brundy," she said coldly.
"Very well- 'elen," said Mr. Brundy, surprised and gratified at being given permission, and on such short acquaintance, to dispense with the use of her courtesy title.”



“Pamper a tomato, overfeed it, overwater it and you will get a Paris Hilton of a tomato.”



“Sometimes I think about dying. And then I wonder about going to hell. And then I think that if and when I go there, the place will be completely organized and run by lost souls, with a council and a works committee and an ethics panel, and I'll feel right at home.”

“Ah! The English language was a wonderful thing! You could always find the right word. He only wished he could speak the language.”



“Now, whatever you do, don't say anything, because no one must know that Liberace is gay."
"Excuse me?" I said. "I'm eight. I know he's gay.”



“Take it!" he snarled, hurling the diamond necklace across the table at his opponent. "And may you rot in hell with it!"
"I should not dream of intruding upon you there," replied Mr Brundy, bowing deeply from the waist.”



“We could all use the power of prayer now and then, but it seems to me that the people who are sure they have a direct line to heaven are most often calling collect with bad news.”

“Sion calls Anne an eel, he calls her a slippery dipper from the slime, and he remembers what the cardinal had called her: my serpentine enemy. Sion says, she goes to it with her brother; he says, what, her brother George? ‘Any brother she's got. Those kind keep it in the family. They do filthy French tricks, like –’
‘Can you keep your voice down?’ He looks around, as if spies might be swimming by the boat.
‘– and that's how she trusts herself she don't give in to Henry, because if she lets him do it and she gets a boy he's, thanks very much, now clear off, girl – so she's oh, Your Highness, I never could allow – because she knows that very night her brother's inside her, licking her up to the lungs, and then he's, excuse me, sister, what shall I do with this big package – she says, oh,don't distress yourself, my lord brother, shove it up the back entry, it'll come to no harm there.”



“In my time first cousins did not meet like strangers. But we are learning modesty from the Americans, and old English ways are too gross for us.”



“You will do well to take advantage of Madame's short residence to get up your French a little... You will be glad of this, my dear, when you have reached France, where you will find they speak nothing else.”



“The definition of Brevity: That which people believe would be a virtue - in me!”

“Porque mostrei enfado com as diligências necessárias para despachar a bagagem, considerou que sofria de horror aos preparativos das viagens, rotulando-me de efodiofóbico.”

“Well, dearest, what would you tell a farmer who had an over-abundant harvest? To plant less, of course!"...
"I am not complaining about the frequency of the planting," she said. "I’d just rather not reap a crop every year.”



“As long as we only have to lie to the enemy, it's honest enough for me.
-Captain Tagon”




“Enough of that, you damned conspirators, you will have us hanged a great deal sooner than we will.”



“Maxim 36:
When the going gets tough, the tough call for close air support.
-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries”

“How did you . . . pass the time?’ Sunday asked. ‘You couldn’t just ching out of it, could you?’
‘We had a different form of chinging,’ Eunice said. ‘An earlier type of virtual-reality technology, much more robust and completely unaffected by time lag. You may have heard of it. We called it “reading”.”



“Maxim 6:
If violence wasn't your last resort, you failed to resort to enough of it.
-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries”

“Do me a favor, doc?"
"Anything,
Captain
."
"Stop italicizing the word 'Captain' when you say it."
"Go easy on the fourth wall there, sir."
-Captain Andreyasn & Doctor Bunnigus”



“Maxim 4:
Close air support covereth a multitude of sins.
-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries”

“Maxim 16:
Your name is in the mouth of others: be sure it has teeth.
-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries”

“Ennesby, get the Serial Peacemaker to the beach for dustoff."
"Dustoff? You're going to run away from three guys?"
"No, I'm going to kill or capture those three guys, and then run away from the Police.”



“That's odd. It looks almost as if Nick is picking a fight with that elephant."
"Well, the elephant started it."
"That's irrelevant. Fighting with civilians is against the rules. Go break it up."
-Admiral Breya Andreyasn & Sergeant Schlock”



“Technically, you don't pay me.
And technically, most of what I do is "think."
I...rrr. ummm.
And when you get right down to it, I'm better at it than you are.
-Ennesby & Captain Tagon”



“We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
Cross it? I'm making plans to destroy the bridge from orbit.
-Colonel Ceeta & Captain Tagon”



“Kevyn, Ennesby tells me you are building a time machine.
Actually I'm finished.
In one afternoon? Wow... Does it work?
After a fashion.
...
I put a whole lot of energy into it, and the next thing I knew it was time for dinner.
-Captain Tagon & Commander Andreyasn”



“When the enemy of my enemy is willing to use plasma weapons inside a hotel, I think I can do better than stupid aphorisms, General.
-Captain Kevyn Andreyasn”



“No! Wait! I've got a better idea..."
"Your ideas tend to result in unnecessary violence, Sergeant Schlock."
"And your point is..."
"Let's broaden the definition of 'necessary'.”



“You're more mean-spirited than I remember you being."
"It's this organic body. Hologram fur wasn't itchy.”



“AAAAIIIE!
You're the guy with the things, and the thing that does that thing, and then you did that one thing!
Oh, and I think there's something about other things, and maybe you fix things?
-Sergeant Schlock”



“Are you done briefing the company yet?"
"We, um... Haven't gotten through the introductions yet."
"Allow me: Time-traveling Kevyn Andreyasn, this is the mercenary company "Tagon's Toughs."
"Company, this is the time-traveling Kevyn Andreyasn, who will have become your captain thirty-two hours from now, as of seven weeks ago.
Now, quick. Let's go save the galaxy while they're confused.”



“I'll leave you two alone. Morality might be contagious.”



“So you're a fellow mercenary, then."
"Does this mean you'll afford me some professional courtesy?"
"Don't ask for that. All it means is that you might get to face the person who kills you. . . But only if it's convenient.”



“Ow. Stop that. It hurts my brain.
Isn't your brain distributed through your entire body?
See why I want you to stop with the doublethink?
-Sergeant Schlock & Captain Tagon”



“Welcome to your new bodies, gentlemen. If you'd like, I can help you start your own 'dysmorphia is all in your head' support group.”



“Does that mean that if we shave all the Ob'enn they'll be nice?”



“How many words are you having trouble with, sir?"
"Just the ones that I've highlighted."
"I count at least a dozen, and I haven't gotten out of the first paragraph."
"That's as far as I got, too. I'm not sure you and I speak the same language.”



“We'd taken up our positions on the benches between the school hall and a newly-installed outdoor basketball court. Being hip-hoppers, we were obliged to be obsessed with basketball. None of us had a ball.”



“Two minutes worth of signal analysis told me all I needed to know. This station "talks" to the dark matter universe about what goes on inside."
"How did you cobble together a jammer so quickly?"
"I had one on me.”



“Yes, but none of them can steal my ship.
None of them are smart enough to know that it was the right thing to do at the time.”



“Ah, but surely you must now be saying, "waitaminute, tuna fish would go bad if you kept it in your pocket for weeks and weeks without refrigerating it."
To that I simply say: You obviously haven't read Professor P.S. Schackman's informative book How to Keep Tuna Fish in Your Pocket for Weeks and Weeks Without it Going Bad. I suggest you read it before complaining about the tuna situation again.”



“It's a sad day for American Capitalism when a man can't fly a midget on a kite over central park.”

“The Hamians!'
The centurion‟s voice was little better than a squeak. Julius snorted his disdain.
'What about the Hamians? Useless bow-waving women. All they‟re good for is hunting game. There‟s a war on, in case you hadn‟t noticed. We need infantrymen, big lads with
spears and shields to strengthen our line. Archers are no bloody use in an infantry cohort.'
He raised his meaty fist.
'No, mate, you‟re going to get what‟s coming your way.'
The other man gabbled desperately, staring helplessly at the poised fist.
'There‟s two centuries of them, two centuries. Take them and the Tungrians and that‟s two hundred and fifty men.'
Marcus spoke, having stood quietly in the background so far.
'So we could make a century of the best of them, dump the rest on the Second Cohort when we catch up with them and take back the century he sold them in return.'
Julius turned his head to look at the younger man, keeping the transit officer clamped in
place with seemingly effortless strength.
'Are you mad? There won‟t be a decent man among them. They‟ll be arse-poking,
make-up-wearing faggots, the lot of them. All those easterners are, it‟s in the blood. They‟ll mince round the camp holding hands and tossing each other off in the bathhouse.”



“Mavis' bear sailed through the air in Cassie's room, falling onto the bed. 'What's he in aid of?' 'He's reconnaissance expert. He wouldn't hear of me enterin' potential hostile ground without testin' for fire. Has his sacrifice been in vain?”

“She’d never been any kind of camper, never had been good at relieving a full bladder on a whim. Never had quite figured out that squat; it seemed like she’d always wet her right foot.”




“The pig winks and rolls in the bog. He kicks his legs up and his trotters clack together. The sun is low over the neighbourhood. There is the smell of oncoming night, of pollen settling, the sounds of kids fighting bath time. Lester comes down, waving his hands.
Don't drown the pig, Fish. We're saving him for Christmas! We're gonna eat him.
No!
I'll drink to that, says the pig.
Lester stands there. He looks at Fish. He looks at the porker. He peeps over the fence. The pig. The flamin' pig. The pig has just spoken. It's no language that he can understand, but there's no doubt. He feels a little crook, like maybe he should go over to that tree and puke.
I like him, Lestah.
He talks?
Yep.
Oh, my gawd.
Lester looks at his retarded son again and once more at the pig.
The pig talks.
I likes him.
Yeah, I bet.
The pig snuffles, lets off a few syllables: aka sembon itwa. It's tongues, that's what it is. A blasted Pentecostal pig.
And you understand him?
Yep. I likes him.
Always the miracles you don't need. It's not a simple world, Fish. It's not.”



“Un optimiste, c'est un homme qui plante deux glands et qui s'achète un hamac.”

“I love Prada. Not so much the clothes, which are for malnourished thirteen-year-olds, but I covet, with covety covetousness, the shoes and handbags. Like, I LOVE them. If I was given a choice between world peace and a Prada handbag, I'd dither. (I'm not proud of this, I'm only saying.)”



“Who's got a mirror?” I ask.
Spider shrugs at me. “We're all fellas. Why would any of us have mirrors?”
“I've got a mirror!” Brandon declares happily, digging a compact out of his pocket.
No-one is surprised.”



“Writing is like a lump of coal. Put it under enough pressure and polish it enough and you might just end up with a diamond. Otherwise, you can burn it to keep warm.”

“Words were insufficient for the elevation of his [Mr Collins'] feelings; and he was obliged to walk about the room, while Elizabeth tried to unite civility and truth in a few short sentences.”



“Doesn’t he look just like a ring wraith?” she said thoughtfully.
“Are you kidding?” replied Cathy, “I most certainly won't be carol singing at your door this Christmas if you've got one of those ugly things hanging on it!”
“No, from Lord of the Rings,” said Sue impatiently.
“I'm sorry,” snorted Cathy, “I don't watch pornographic material."
“Have you never read a book?!” Sue snapped. “It's about a small man who travels through dangerous lands to drop a ring into a volcano, it's a classic.”
“Does sound like a small man,” she replied, “can't even face his marriage problems full on.”



“I was proud to be brown in my own way. Well, I was at school; at school I was brown about the funky stuff that came with being vegetarian, like being really arrogant about it, declaring proudly to a room full of beefeaters when Mad Cow disease initially broke that it was 'Vishnu's way of telling y'all to stop eating and start worshipping'.”



“Whoever thou art that, not content with a moderate condition, imaginest happiness in royal magnificence, and dreamest that command or riches can feed the appetite of novelty with perpetual gratifications, survey the Pyramids, and confess thy folly!”

“A brain the size of a pea, cannot achieve what a brain the size of a melon can!!”

“A married man is just a single man who couldn’t say no.”



“Hi!'
The chirpy little voice greeted me with such energised enthusiasm it made me jump nearly a foot out of my seat. I turned around, expecting to see the usual cocky little Bezzer-in-training Tyler, who every once in a while enjoys pissing off as many people on the bus as possible, but to my surprise it was the scruffy little quiet Year 7 who sits at the front of the bus with his big orange hair bouncing around.
'Hello,' I replied dubiously. (You can't assume that a kid isn't intending to give you grief just because he has ginger hair, not these days. What is the world coming to?)”



“Bisexuals are really attracted to senior Lib Dems - as they are both a man and a great big pussy.”

“Right, then.” He pointed across to a bank of phones against the wall. “If you want to check your voice mail, now’s the time.”
“Where’s my phone?”
“Out of service.”
“It was fine in the car.”
“It’s not fine now.”
“What’d you do to it?”
“Put it out of our misery. I’m sorry, Kate. But every minute it’s on, you’re traceable to within the length of a football field, anywhere on the planet.”



“On the drive up here, I saw a goose," he says. "A Canada goose. Fred told me they shit something horrible. They migrate between the north and the south, don't they? Like seniors.”



“Ruby poked at her rice, her mind racing. Perhaps he'd mistaken her for someone who had done a massage course or was qualified to give spriritual advice. She could only give advice on spirits, and only then if they were alcoholic.”



“Of course, owls on the loose seemed strange to the uninitiated. One day an electrician came to work on the building's power supply, when, seemingly out of nowhere, an owl flew around a corner right at him. The poor guy let out an unearthly scream and hit the floor, covering his head and yelling in Spanish.”



“Tell me about Gang Starr,' said Nishant, in an effort to start a conversation I'd be interested in.
'One MC, one DJ...'
'Classic combo,' Anand affirmed.
'No hype man?'
'No.'
'What do we need Anand for?' Nishant shrugged, ever the pragmatist, never the catcher of feelings.”



“Nate shook his head with a crooked grin. "You haven't gone Back to the Future, McFly.”



“Thought about being a stand up comedienne for zombies, but when they eat you alive, they really eat you!!”

“If you really want space on public transport you should carry some pornography from the 1970s and a pair of children's safety scissors, then delicately cut out all the eyes of the glamour models whilst whistling. Every now and again mutter, 'Why are women more beautiful when they are eyeless?' You will be able to stretch out, though this can have ramifications such as ending up on a police list or being run out of town.”



“Like a good-looking John Merrick, mine was a face that looked really shit.”



“Those are parallel! Leave me alone!”

“He stopped at the gate on his way back to the temple, where Gracilis, the Twentieth’s hard-case wolf hunter from the Campanian mountains, was supervising the strengthening of the defences.
‘Take some men and tear down the huts along the west wall. And while you’re at it, clear everything for a javelin throw in front of this gate. I want a killing ground from there to about there.’
Gracilis grinned and saluted. Like all legionaries, the only thing he liked better than fighting and drinking was destroying someone else’s property. ‘Should we burn them, sir?’ he said hopefully. Valerius shook his head. No point in creating smoke to warn the enemy. ‘Just break them up and add them to the barriers.”



“While 'Rap Trax!' recorded, Neel found some scrap paper and we started writing our first lyrics. Bandying about subject matter and title, we got stuck on the idea of 'cool', so my first rap song became 'Pretty Cool'. It was a symbol of our confidence. We weren't awesome cool or mega cool. We were only... pretty cool.”



“Yo, bredren, we be the illest,' went my proclamation. 'We be the dopest,' Anand would follow. 'Our tunes are going to be good,' Nishant would finish with.”



“Anand finished up his cola cube transaction. I stepped up and slammed three pound coins on the counter like an oppressed inner-city youth born with the skills of rhythm and rhyme.”



“C'mon. I'll show you."
"Thou speakest strange!" Pearl said.
"So do thou!" I said.
"Thee!"
"Thou!" I said.”



“He was a philosopher, if you know what that was.’
‘A man who dreams of fewer things than there are in heaven and earth,’ said the Savage promptly.
‘Quite so…”




“It's a long story. Want a refill?"
"No, let's start the steak. Where's the button?"
"Right here."
"Well, push it."
"Me? You offered to cook."
"Ben Caxton, I will lie here and starve before I will get up to push a button six inches from your finger"
"As you wish." He pressed the button. "But don't forget who cooked dinner.”



“Colonel Cathcart is our commanding officer and we must obey him. Why don't you fly four more missions and see what happens?"
"I don't want to."
"Suppose we let you pick your missions and fly milk runs?" Major Major said. "That way you can fly the four missions and not run any risks."
"I don't want to fly milk runs. I don't want to be in the war anymore."
"Would you like to see our country lose?" Major Major asked.
"We won't lose. We've got more men, more money, and more material. There are ten million men in uniform who could replace me. Some people are getting killed and a lot more are making money and having fun. Let somebody else get killed."
"But suppose everybody on our side felt that way?"
"Then I'd certainly be a damned fool to feel any other way. Wouldn't I?”



“Get down,' Bunty says grimly. 'Mummy's thinking.' (Although what Mummy's actually doing is wondering what it would be like if her entire family was wiped out and she could start again.)”



“…a waitress came out and plonked in front of each of us a small standard terra-cotta flowerpot in which had been baked a little loaf of bread.
"What's this?" I asked.
"It's bread," she replied.
"But it's in a flowerpot?" She gave me a look that I was beginning to think of as the Darwin stare. It was a look that said, "Yeah? So?"
"Well, isn't that kind of unusual?"
She considered for a moment. "Is a bit, I suppose." "And will we be following a horticultural theme throughout the meal?" Her expression contorted in a deeply pained look, as if she were trying to suck her face into the back of her head. "What?"
"Will the main course arrive in a wheelbarrow?" I elaborated helpfully. "Will you be serving the salad with a pitchfork?"
"Oh, no. It's just the bread that's special."
"I'm so pleased to hear it.”



“Weather is a purely personal matter. There is no such thing as a climate that is cold or hot, good or bad, healthy or unhealthy. People take it upon themselves to create a fantasy in their imagination and call it weather. There's only one climate in the world, but the message that nature sends is interpreted according to strictly personal, non-transferable rules.”



“Human relations, at least between the sexes, were carried on as relations between countries are now - with ambassadors, and treaties. The parties concerned met on the great occasion of the proposal. If this were refused, a state of war was declared.”



“My mother tells me I do not chew my food enough; she says I am making it harder for my body to get the essential nutrients it needs. If she were here, I would remind her that I am eating a blueberry Pop-Tart.”



“Cuba may be the only place in the world where you can be yourself and more than yourself at the same time”



“With a roof over his head he had ceased to work, living off his [war] pension and his wits, both hopelessly inadequate.”

“So then do you think it's true that he killed someone? And what about the part where he wishes he could die?"
"If it IS true that he killed someone, that's bad."
In any case, "it seems like something is bothering Shuji" was now a contender for the Understatement of the Century.”



“There's an emergency link to the defence grid, but that's only for use in the direst emergencies."
"And of course a mile-long unknown intruder approaching your main source of power isn't an emergency?"
Karan hesitated, his chins wobbling slightly with their own momentum. "It'll take time, but I could access the defence grid's sensor logs for that sector..."
"I won't tell if you don't.”



“I want the evening upon which we lose our collective virginities to be special. I'm no parthenologist but I suspect that Jordana's virginity is still intact. Her biological knowledge is minimal. She thinks that a perineum is to do with glacial moraine.”



“No," he said, and he snapped his fingers. "You'll come work for me at K----. And be a real associate editor."
I said, "I could bring you up on charges for that."
"What?"
"Work harassment in the sexual place.”



“Because the first time they met...
Y-da: "You know, Y-naga-san, the more makeup you put on, the more you look like a guy in drag. So I'm going to call you F-mio!"
Y-naga: "I-I like this person!"
The moment she fell in love.”



“A funny yet interesting read, Will Self knowa his stuff and must do a lot of deep research.”



“Tucker, please put him down," said Annie. "You're frightening Jackson."
"He's not," said Jackson. "It's cool. I don't like that guy anyway. Punch him, Dad.”



“Seducing Jordana was solid – she's got such high standards – but when I finally got the snogs in it was all worth it."
I transform Jordana's blather into high-level discourse: Lounging in a post-osculatory glow, I knew that all those months of hard chivalry had been worthwhile.”



“I swiftly discovered that there are few things in DIY (and possibly life) that can't be solved with a large mallet, a bag of ten-centimetre nails and some swearing.”

“Parent-Teacher Conference
At the parent-teacher conference,
my father made a scene.
He scared my fifth-grade teacher,
with his mask from Halloween.
She showed him all my science grades
and said she was concerned,
but he just stuck his tongue out
when my teacher’s back was turned.
He drew a monster on the board
and claimed it was her twin.
He even shook her soda,
which expolded on her chin.
My angry teacher crossed her arms
and said, “This meeting’s done!
I now see where he gets it from—
you act just like your son!”

“What would the new teacher, representing France, teach us? Railroading? No. France knows nothing valuable about railroading. Steamshipping? No. France has no superiorities over us in that matter. Steamboating? No. French steamboating is still of Fulton's date--1809. Postal service? No. France is a back number there. Telegraphy? No, we taught her that ourselves. Journalism? No. Magazining? No, that is our own specialty. Government? No; Liberty, Equality, Fraternity, Nobility, Democracy, Adultery the system is too variegated for our climate. Religion? No, not variegated enough for our climate. Morals? No, we cannot rob the poor to enrich ourselves.”



“Has anyone sen Mr Snark "
"I saw him in the tunnel about 15 minutes ago."
"Oh no " wailed Dr Ferman "he will have been atomised."
"Oh dear" muttered an MP. "Bye-election.”



“When a man is happy enough to win the affections of a sweet girl, who can soothe his cares with crochet, and respond to all his most cherished ideas with beaded urn-rugs and chair-covers in German wool, he has, at least, a guarantee of domestic comfort, whatever trials may await him out of doors. What a resource it is under fatigue and irritation to have your drawing-room well supplied with small mats, which would always be ready if you ever wanted to set anything on them ! And what styptic for a bleeding heart can equal copious squares of crochet, which are useful for slipping down the moment you touch them ? How our fathers managed without crochet is the wonder; but I believe some small and feeble substitute existed in their time under the name of 'tatting'.”

“I've always liked Belgian waffles, but I must say, I didn't think I would one day be having Belgian waffles in Belgium! I just sort of POOF found myself there and there I was with a gigantic Belgian waffle in my hands, standing on a sidewalk in Belgium!”

“I am one of those servants – butlers usually – who respectfully points out when their master is about to do something stupid: "You should probably only burn the document once the blackmail has been completed, m' lady.”



“Anyway, my writer gang: they kind of did their comedy apprenticeship with me and, during that period, when they were young and impressionable, I think I infected them with my pun virus. They grew to enjoy puns, think puns, just as much as me. The problem is people don't really like puns any more, so I worry I've rendered the poor fuckers virtually unemployable.”



“I'm so lucky to have a family, adopted or not! I'm so lucky to be alive!" Judy Ellis Taylor tells her three school-age girls.... They roll their eyes.”



“Whenever Elliot Norther’s wife was nervous she baked. With the murder of Harriet Mason, her husband’s close colleague at the Faculty, she had been unable to resist a couple of Victoria sponges. During the frenzied press speculation about the identity of the murderer, a Dundee cake had appeared, followed swiftly by a Battenberg and a Lemon Drizzle. Since news of the Wildencrust murder broke, the kitchen, dining room and study had come to resemble the storerooms of an industrial bakery, every surface heaving with the weight of sponge and cream. Yesterday, having at last been overwhelmed by the fear and rumour that swept the town, she had taken herself off to her mother’s house in Hampstead, leaving her husband to soldier on alone. When he had last seen his wife, Elliot Norther noticed that she had been putting the finishing touches to an impressive, triple-tiered wedding cake, beating a batch of royal icing into a sickly paste.”



“In the yard of the inn, Daffy Cadwaladyr introduced himself. "Short for Davyd," he said pleasantly.
The Londoner looked as if she'd never heard a sillier name in her life.”



“Well, more or less, you just got struck by lightning."
"Wait, what?" My brain stopped processing for a prolonged moment unable to wrap around that one. How the hell had that happened? "So basically I was filled with 1.21 jiggawatts?
Can I travel through time now?”



“I make mistakes, but I am on the side of Good," the Golux said, "by accident and happenchance. I had high hopes of being Evil when I was two, but in my youth I came upon a firefly burning in a spider's web. I saved the victim's life."
"The firefly's ?" said the minstrel.
"The spider's. The blinking arsonist had set the web on fire.”




“I don't want any gay people hanging around me while I'm killing kids. I just don't want to see it.”

“Over the years, I have been subjected to many indignities, all for the sake of Art. If I ever catch him, I'm going to kill the guy.”



“Stone me, what a life!”

“When will the Home Office realize that when judges retire, not only are they sent home for the rest of their lives, but the only people they have left to judge are their innocent wives.'
'So what are you recommending?'asked Alex as they walked into the drawing room.
'That judges should be shot on their seventieth birthday, and their wives granted a royal pardon and given their pensions by a grateful nation.'
'I may have come up with a more acceptable solution,' suggested Alex.
'Like what? Making it legal to assist judges' wives to commit suicide?'
'Something a little less drastic,' said Alex.”



“They made for his noise far quicker than he had expected. They were frightfully angry. Quite apart from the stones no spider has ever like being called Attercop, and Tomnoddy of course, is insulting to anybody.”



“Three,' reckoned the captain, 'ourselves make seven, counting Hawkins, here. Now, about honest hands?'
Most likely Trelawney's own men," said the doctor; 'those he had picked up for himself, before he lit on Silver.'
Nay,' replied the squire. 'Hands was one of mine.'
I did think I could have trusted Hands,' added the captain.”



“Oh be careful! There they go again!" said the old queen as his string broke spilling his balls over the floor.... "Stop them will you, James, you worthless old shit! Don't just stand there and let the master's balls roll into the coal-bin!”



“Necessity is a mother.”



“As he grew older, which was mostly in my absence, my firstborn son, Alexander, became ever more humorous and courageous. There came a time, as the confrontation with the enemies of our civilization became more acute, when he sent off various applications to enlist in the armed forces. I didn't want to be involved in this decision either way, especially since I was being regularly taunted for not having 'sent' any of my children to fight in the wars of resistance that I supported. (As if I could 'send' anybody, let alone a grown-up and tough and smart young man: what moral imbeciles the 'anti-war' people have become.)”



“Do not oversleep and miss the school bus-
you'll be late.
That's a habit teachers generally
don't appreciate.
Never tell your friends at school
that you still wet your bed.
They are sure to tease you,
and you'll wish that you were dead.
Never call your teacher a name
when she's not near you.
Teachers' ears are excellent,
so they can always hear you.
Do not read a textbook when your hands
aren't clean-it's tricky
to separate the pages when the pages
get real sticky.
When you go out for a team
it's always wise to practice.
When you are a substitute,
the bench can feel like cactus.
Do not copy homework from a friend
who is a dummy.
If you do, I'm sure that you
will get a grade that's crummy.
And if your report card's bad,
don't blame it on your buddy.
Kiss up to your parents quick,
or they might make you study.”

“
"Coast Guard Sees Increasing Need for Icebreakers"—headline, Associated Press, March 1”

“Here's a health to our Captain, so gallant and free
Whether stuck on a rock or asleep 'neath a tree
Or rolled in the arms of some nymph of the sea
Which is where we would all like to be, man!”



“Archie Henderson has won no awards, written no books and never played any representative sport. He was an under-11 tournament-winning tennis player as a boy, but left the game when he discovered rugby where he was one of the worst flyhalves he can remember. This did not prevent him from having opinions on most things in sport.
His moment of glory came in 1970 when he predicted—correctly as it turned out—that Griquas would beat the Blue Bulls (then still the meekly named Noord-Transvaal) in the Currie Cup final. It is something for which he has never been forgiven by the powers-that-be at Loftus. Archie has played cricket in South Africa and India and gave the bowling term military medium a new and more pacifist interpretation. His greatest ambition was to score a century on Llandudno beach before the tide came in.”

“It ought to be an offense to be excruciating and unfunny in circumstances where your audience is almost morally obliged to enthuse.”

“Well, you may abuse me, be angry with me if you like," Porfiry Petrovitch began again, "but I can't resist. Allow me one little question (I know I am troubling you). There is just one little notion I want to express, simply that I may not forget it.”



“I don’t know whether Asimov realized he was saying this as well, but as an old historical materialist, if only as an afterthought, he must have realized that he was saying too: No one here will ever look at you, read a word you write, or consider you in any situation, no matter whether the roof is falling in or the money is pouring in, without saying to him- or herself (whether in an attempt to count it or to discount it), 'Negro...' The racial situation, permeable as it might sometimes seem (and it is, yes, highly permeable), is nevertheless your total surround. Don’t you ever forget it...! And I never have.”

“Mrs. Trotter made a sincere though wrong sound, while opening her handbag to look for help.”



“So it's off with the shellsuit and on with the Armanis,
Bring out the champagne and the caviar sarnies”

“Der Papst ist der einzige Konzern-Vize, der seinen Chef nie zu sehen bekommt. Nicht einmal bei der Weihnachtsfeier.”

“Wer lügt, hat die Wahrheit immerhin gedacht.”

“Umgangsformen sind Formen, die zunehmend umgangen werden.”

“Wir brauchen keinen Dritten Weltkrieg. Wir haben Kapitalismus, Kommunismus und Tourismus.”

“Hey, the ubiquitous Leak-Cam is to 2010 as the bottom-of-the-screen news ticker was to late 2001: What you're seeing beneath the news anchor or talking head may not actually include any new information, but you feel like you're watching something dramatic.”

“Wie steht eine Frau vor dem Spiegel? Immer in Bewegung. Sie lässt nicht locker, bis sie etwas entdeckt, was nicht perfekt ist. Liebe Frauen, in dem einen Punkt könnt ihr etwas von uns Männern lernen. Wir zerfleischen uns nicht mit Selbstkritik. Wie steht ein Kerl vor dem Spiegel? Frontal, regungslos und kurz. Und nach zwei Sekunden ist er mit sich im Reinen - "passt schon". Mehr will er gar nicht wissen. Natürlich hat ein Mann irgendwann auch einen Bauchansatz. Aber kein Mann ist so doof und dreht sich vor dem Spiegel ins Profil!”



“I'm pretty sure my parents are
pretending they are sick.
I know because I taught them both
to do that little trick.
You blow your nose and hold your head
and claim your brain is breaking.
And so, a pro like me would know
my folks are clearly faking.
A little thing I learned in school
convinced me I am right.
My parents are supposed to meet
my principal tonight.”

“I Will Not Tease Rebecca Grimes
I have to write one hundred times:
"I will not tease Rebecca Grimes."
Okay, that's one. I'm far from done.
(This isn't gonna be much fun.)
"I will not tease Rebecca Grimes."
That's two. I'm paying for my crimes.
It's all because I pulled her hair
And put spaghetti on her chair.
Because I gave her goofy looks
And squirted mustard on her books,
I have to write one hundred times:
"I will not tease Rebecca Grimes."
That's three. Whoopee. It's going slow.
Just ninety-seven more to go.
"I will not tease" (I'm keeping score.)
"Rebecca Grimes." (Now that makes four.)
I'm soaked with sweat. My shirt is damp.
I think I'm getting writer's cramp.
"I will not, will not, will not tease
Rebecca Grimes!" Can I stop, please?
The teacher frowns, and that means no.
I still have sixty-six to go.
"I will-will-will not-not-not-not
Tease-tease-tease-tease..." It's getting hot.
"I will not tease Rebecca Grimes."
That's ninety-nine. The school bell chimes.
Just one more line and I'll be through.
Rebecca Grimes, this one's for you!
My final line will rhyme with "Grimes":
"I will not tease Rebecca...Slimes!"
Rebecca Slimes! Ha ha! That's great!
I'd better hide it. Oops! Too late!
The teacher sees what I wrote down.
She takes my paper with a frown.
I now must write one thousand times:
"I will not tease Rebecca Grimes.”

“I Brought My Grandma's Teeth to School
I brought my grandma’s teeth to school to share for show-and-tell.
Billy showed his sneakers. It was more like show-and-smell.
Kevin brought a violin and showed he couldn’t play.
Katie brought a snake to school—too bad it got away.
Our class likes show-and-tell a lot, so we were sad to hear
our teacher say that show-and-tell is canceled till next year.”

“Donc, en résumant, si Alix Alix fendait l'écume sinistre d'un orage au guidon d'un engin formaté "Rencontre du troisième type", il le devait à Bella Bonifaci. Initiales B.B., oui. Coincidence écoeurante. Bella Bonifaci, l'amour de sa vie.”



“Hals und Beinbruch, Saukerl.”



“How do you repair a broken tomato?
Tomato Paste.”




“Whoever invented knock-knock jokes should get a no-bell prize.”



“Two artists had an art contest...It ended in a draw.”



“Cross my heart and hope to die, you give me anxiety but I'll comply!”



“It might help to think of the universe as a rubber sheet, or perhaps not.”

“Patience isn't a virtue, it's a colossal waste of time.”

“I'm sending you to Los Angeles, California. They haven't had a superhero there since Kareem Abdul-Jabbar retired."
"What about Shaquille O'Neal?" Melvin asked.
"He's not a superhero. He's just very tall.”



“She’s going to die.’
‘We all do eventually, Marion.’
‘I’m worried she’ll die and come to haunt me, you know?’
‘Ah, I see. Trust you to find a way to be the star of someone else’s death-scene. She’s the one dying, but you’re who we ought to be concerned for.”



“This is why I hate you." "That can't be true," Doc said sadly. "What about the friendship bracelet you gave me?" Jury's eyelid twitched. "It's a protection bracelet." "No, that can't be right," Doc argued. "Look." He held his wrist out next to Jury's. "They match." Red was creeping up Jury's cheeks now. "They are protection bracelets," he insisted again. "And if you're not careful, I'll take it away.”



“There's no need to apologize, Harriet. It could have happened to anyone."
"That's what everyone keeps trying to tell me, but I know perfectly well that ladies of society rarely set the table linens to flames, nor do they make outlandish comments about turtle dishes that cause everyone to lose their appetite for it.”



“PhD students are the academic world's version of indentured slaves. The only reason they get away with it is because the students all have Stockholm Syndrome, plus they're under the misapprehension that a PhD is actually worth something.”



“Simply put, Ellie Watson was her own person. And to speculate on why she did what she did when she did it, one might just as well wonder why a monarch butterfly, having flown from Mexico to Nebraska in the month of May, happens to land on one flower instead of another”



“On any other day, sire, such words might hurt my feelings.
— Sevatar”



“Are you a spinster desiring to get married? Then pray to be as desirable as Ukraine is to Russia.”

“You must be joking.'
'I save my jokes for those with a sense of humour.”



“Oh, you haven’t seen my car yet,” he chuckled to himself, “It’s the Juke,”
“The what?”
“The Juke.”
“Colour?”
His smile seeped through his voice, “Blue. You’re looking for the only blue car out here,”
“Great! See you shortly!”
Ending the call, Sydney pushed down her embarrassment as she headed for her door. She didn’t know cars — there was nothing about them that interested her. If you spoke about it enough, she would presume a Nissan Micra was a high-end sports car.”



“There was the smell of pea soup, something burning and confrontation.”



“German children were on the lookout for stray coins. German Jews kept watch for possible capture.”



“No,' said Jackrum. 'It
was
immoral earnings,
now
it's the proceeds of common theft. Life's a lot easier when you learn to think straight.”



“The history of Buenos Aires is written in its telephone directory. Pompey Romanov, Emilio Rommel, Crespina D.Z. de Rose, Ladislao Radziwil, and Elizabeta Marta Callman de Rothschild - five names take at random from the R's - told a story of exile, disillusion and anxiety behind lace curtains.”



“You broke my dining table!"
-Calypso”



“They Can Kill You, But The Legalities Of Eating You Are Quite A Bit Dicier”



“To me, most Indian weddings seemed like time travel. The groom arrives on a horse, departs in a car.”



“My neighbour bought a friend. A man with a donkey. He didn't bring the donkey along because it dislikes children, as sometimes kicks them, which he thought may put a dampener on things. This was very considerate of him, as he is extremely attached to his donkey.”



“The cheese burger was the fuel I needed, but I didn't enjoy it much. It has been made too fast, with little love.”



“Can I bring you some of my sourdough starter. Would you like that?" Hattie raised an eyebrow at me. "I don't know," I said. "It is quite a commitment. I had some before and I didn't look after it. It died and I felt terrible".”



“— Au moins, toi, tu touches des pourboires.
— Quoi ? feint de s'étonner Vanessa. Ne me dis pas que les libraires n'en reçoivent jamais ?
— Eh non...
— Même pas quand tu conseilles un bon bouquin ?
Il secoue la tête.
— C'est un scandale, décrète-t-elle. Tu devrais poser un bocal sur le comptoir.
— Que dirait l'étiquette ? demande-t-il en pianotant sur la table. « Les livres sont la nourriture de l'esprit. Les pourboires, celle du chat » ?”



“Why did Juliet fall for Romeo? Well for one thing, with all due deference for Shakespeare, he happened to be the first man she had seen.”



“The centrepiece of any Seaside Holiday is a Promenade along the Pier, a clever innovation which permits holidaymakers to enjoy the sense of being at sea without the inconvenience of actually setting foot aboard a boat.”



“Sometimes telling the truth requires lying”



“I hardly dare open my mouth," drawled Gideon, "but there is much in what he says, Gaywood. I don't reckon myself a mean shot, but I would think twice before I engaged in pistol-play with Sale. And you won't hit him you know. He is such a little fellow, and you are such a damnably bad shot!”




“What are you guys going to do?” she asked.
“Snort cocaine.” Dylan gave her the first genuine grin she’d seen out of him all day.
“Absolutely no cocaine, any other kind of drug, alcohol, or girls.”
He pretended astonishment.
“Movies are fine.” She’d set parental controls. “So are the video games we already own.”
“What about board games?” Sebastian asked her wryly.
“More like bored games,” Dylan answered, taking a clunky stab at humor.
“Board games are allowed. As are puzzles. You can cook anything except meth. And, of course,
arts and crafts are always a wholesome option.”
“They could make jewelry,” Sebastian suggested, deadpan.
“Or tie-dye shirts,” Leah said.
“They could color.”
“Or do macramé.”
Dylan shook his head and took a few steps back. “Can I, uh . . .” He gestured to his room. “Go
now?”
Delightful child. Such an open, winning, sunny personality. “Yes.”



“There might be a better land where bicycle saddles are made out of rainbow, stuffed with cloud; in this world the simplest thing is to get used to something hard.”

“Do I have anything iron?" Simon looked around wildly, then reached into his pocket and pulled out a small miniature figure of an archer. "This is my D&D character, Lord Montgomery-"
"Oh my God," said Isabelle.
"Most figurines are pewter, but this one's iron. I got it on Kick-starter.”



“I heartily approve in theory, but in practice I believe I shall... absent myself.”



“Looks counted, although he honestly didn't know which ones or why. He'd have thought smouldering eyes and impressive breasts or shoulders would win every time but that didn't seem to be the case. There were a lot of wild cards in the human sexuality deck.”



“I could get in there with a total stranger and do the thirty-six questions and next thing you know I'm hopelessly smitten with some kind of, like, troll or something."
"To the best of my knowledge, no trolls have applied."
"Dumb question."
He hasn't said that. She fiddled with the buttons on her overcoat, then sort of laughed.
"Who am I kidding? The real problem would be if the troll didn't love me back.”



“If he knew anything about heterosexual females, he knew that Paul would be a solid 9.5, if not a full 10 for most of them, despite the face his nose had obviously been broken at some point. Or maybe because of the fact. Nothing like a little DANGER: KEEP OUT sign to get some girls scaling the walls.”



“I'm glad you two find this amusing." Hildy scooched toward the table so a man with a howling baby and several canvas bags full of vegetables could get by. "Go ahead. Laugh at me. I don't care."
"We're not laughing at you. We're just laughing. Know why?" Xiu threw her napkin over her plate so she wouldn't be tempted to eat any more. "1) Because we're young and alive and 2) because it's not that big a deal. It's normal. I don't know what it is about surly guys but they make girls do crazy things. Especially so-called 'sensitive' girls. Witness Heathcliff.”



“I'm not being stupid. I'm taking an honest look at my life and drawing the obvious conclusions...Lots of people are single their whole lives and are totally fine wit it."
"Sure." Max took her croissant because she clearly wasn't eating it. "The pope, most guidance counsellors -- and who else?”



“Hildy resisted the urge to suck on the end of her braid. "Look. I know. Paul crossed the line and --"
Xiu raised her hand. "Stop. For starters, don't call him Paul."
"Why? That's his name."
"Too confusing. Pauls are potentially datable. Bobs are retired gym teachers and alcoholic great-uncles and, thus, are not. Stick to Bob. Or Douchebag. Your choice.”



“Max waited until Barry went into the back office before tapping the aquarium tank and agitating the fish.
"...here's the truth, Hildy. None of us guys is good enough for you --especially not Neanderbob. You deserve someone who's kind and creative and super hot."
"And straight."
"Yeah, that too. Now shut up for a while and watch. We could all learn something from tropical fish. They're utterly useless and yet content."
"Be still and find your inner guppy."
"Yeah, basically.”

“She was always impressed by how he'd managed to parlay his special brand of weirdness into instant popularity even among the hockey players and the nursing students and the millionaires-by-thirty crowd.”



“His face was a dizzying mix of grown-up (heavy whiskers and eyebrows and kid (lashes and sparkly parts.)”



“Hildy. You don't want anyone who 'just wanders away.' This is a potential lover, not an Alzheimer's patient. If you dangle your fruit and he can't be bothered to --"
"Don't say 'danger my fruit.' That's revolting."
"Okay. If he's not into you enough for a little flirtatious back-and-forth, he doesn't deserve you."
"But --"
"Just no. Seriously. What are you? Boneless chicken that's passed its best-before date? You don't have to mark yourself down for quick sale.”



“Problem with you Sangsters is you expect perfect. I never did. It just wasn't an option. You start liking boys in third grade? You know you're no Cossack's idea of the perfect son. Eighty percent of everything Dad's ever said to me involves either thermal units or ratchets, so he's not winning Father of the Year, either...But weirdly we're kind of happier than you guys. We're comfortable with the idea that we're screw-ups. Must be awful just figuring that out now.”

“She kept tossing stuff out of her backpack until she found a piece of 'origami roadkill.' That's what Jack called the piles of dirty, randomly folded papers she seemed to collect.”



“Ever tell you about my bike accident, Stu? Changed my life."
He ignored her.
"Changed. My. Life."
He sighed and dropped his earphones onto his neck. "Okay. Make it quick."
"Know why?...Because I saw something terrible." She blinked into the darkness. She'd been so scared.
"You waiting for a drumroll or something?"
"The truth. That's what I saw."
"Wow. The Dalai Lama. In my cab. Drunk. I'm so honoured.”



“Don't be an idiot. You know what happens to idiots?"
"Yes."
"You don't, but whatever. You get like this again, you call me. I'll pick you up."
"You don't have to. I don't do this all the time. I..."
"And quit lying to me," he said.”



“Flapdrol. That’s his new name for me…It’s not easy to translate but break it apart and you more or less get the gist of it. In Dutch, flap means ‘to dither’ and drol means “shit.” Not nice, but no doubt accurate.”



“Where's my Royal Society Darwin Medal for proving its namesake plagiarised the entire theory of evolution by natural selection from Patrick Matthew?”



“We'll take care of her, Laila jan,” one of the women said with an air of self-importance. Laila had been to funerals before where she had seen women like this, women who relished all things that had to do with death, official consolers who let no one trespass on their self-appointed duties. (p. 136.)”



“—You got married? I can’t believe you didn’t tell us!
—Did you invite your parents when you and dad got married?
—They had already passed away!
—You see, that’s why I didn’t invite you. You always bring everything back to your own suffering.”



“Life teaches you, the larger you grow in life the bigger should be your support system. Like boobs!”

“Money never made anybody rich. To be rich, you need the poor.
The rich understand this quite well. But the poor do not.
And this idiocy, they call an economy.”



“Barbara Catchpole was a teacher for thirty years and enjoyed every minute of it. She has three sons of her own who were always perfectly behaved and never gave her a second of worry.
Barbara also tells lies.”



“Next to the Sahara, Twitter is the driest place on earth.”

“Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are the first Jack and Jill in US history to go up the Capitol Hill to fetch a pail of power.”

“If you think that happiness = Life - problems; then you must be suffering from a severe form of dys-life-calculia.”

“God help fools and tourists.”

“You like me," I blurt out.
"No. I tolerate you more than most people. That's why I want to date you,”




“It's not gay if you didn't know it was a boy.”



“These are a few to tips to live a happy married life,
TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLIED!”



“Serious things cannot be understood without humorous things
Nor opposites without opposites.”



“- Tu pourrais manifester ton soutien de temps en temps. Tu sais ce que je ressens pour toi, pourtant ty n’arrêtes pas de me casser.
- Qu’est-ce que tu veux que je fasse ? Te demander en mariage ?
Caine rougit et Diana éclata d’un rire tonitruant, ce qui ne lui ressemblait guère.
- Tu te rends compte qu’on a quatorze ans ? Je sais bien que tu te prends pour le Napoléon de la Zone, mais on est encore des gosses.
- L’âge, c’est relatif. Je suis l’un des deux plus anciens de la Zone. En plus d’être le plus fort.
Caine & Diana page 553”



“You cannot separate the act of laughing from the state of being happy.”

“Escaping homicidal armored alien invaders was bad enough. Having to exercise while doing it was even worse.”



“We don't buy organic. I ain't paying over the odds so some chicken gets extra legroom.”



“I suggest you distance yourself from the fashion world. You've already made an excellent start with that dress.”



“De modo que cuando deseaba que me arrollase un tren lo hacía bastante en serio”



“Se me ha ocurrido regalarle a Nick un bonito par de esposas, pero puede que todavía no le parezca divertido.”



“Así que puede amarme sinceramente y por libre elección, tal como lo hizo en otro tiempo, o le pondré el yugo y le obligaré a ser el hombre con el que me casé. Estoy harta de tener que aguantar sus gilipolleces.”



“Flotaré un rato, unas minivacaciones alejada de mi cerebro de arpía.”



“Me apuntaré a uno de esos cruceros de pasarse el día bebiendo —uno que me lleve hasta alta mar pero no requiera identificación—, me beberé un vaso gigante de ginebra con hielo, me tragaré unos somníferos y cuando nadie esté mirando me dejaré caer en silencio por la borda con los bolsillos llenos de piedras a lo Virginia Woolf.”



“De modo que puede que haya perdido la cabeza.”



“You're so romantic, Warren. No other guy has ever promised me a kidnapping and ransom.”



“When it comes to sarcasm, you pay for what you get.”

“Only in the entire history of witchery in the Ramtops, had a thief broken into a witch's cottage. The witch concerned visited the most terrible punishment on him:
She did nothing, although sometimes when she saw him in the village she'd smile a in a faint, puzzled way. After three weeks of this the suspense was too much for him and he took his own life; in fact, he took it all the way across the continent, where he became a reformed character and never went home again.”



“We both should have left the train at Salt Lake. With the Mormons, you may have to share your man but at least you've got one.”



“Jeremiah stood there alone, his big hands empty, watching his brother go. Zeb was the last of his family, and when his family went west they never came back. Linus had come back, but that was before Jeremiah's time. None of the others ever had.
"There must be something out there," he said aloud. "There must be something out there that gets 'em."
Then, half smiling, he added, "Maybe it's the varmint!”



“I suppose the precise moment when death swoops in to snatch your soul isn't actually terrifying. The nanoseconds preceding it are like Final Destination 6 playing out at 120 frames per second. The Jeep hurtling down, me inside it, being tossed around violently, screaming, watching the freefall knowing that the gas tank has 60 gallons of petrol in it and seeing a protruding rock fifty metres ahead. Now that is cruel!”



“I had always hoped to die in my sleep with a peaceful look and a rose-tinted lip balm on, so the idea of having my mangled charred parts picked from a hundred mile radius was mortifying. That was no way to go if the Gods loved you, I reasoned. At thirteen, most of us beleived that we were loved. I did go home and write up that will, just in case they didn't”



“The other gem was Tawang’s gift to us: A tiny purebred
Apso, whom we called Mickey. A beautiful ball of white fur, a hopping rabbit, with heart-melting puppy eyes hidden behind shaggy Apso hair, perfect in all ways, well almost. Except Mickey farted. Farts so potent and loud, it was hard to believe a pintsized
dog was capable of generating such toxic fumes. Strangely, he saved his best ones for the weekly ladies’ get-together at home. ‘Your dog is dangerous,’ one of the ladies said laughingly to my mother. ‘This fellow will break wind and run off and we’ll be left wondering which one of us did it.’ The modus operandi
was simple. He would come hopping into the living room for tasty treats and while the ladies were fawning over him, Mickey broke wind. There was a hushed silence as the fumes spread quickly, and the ladies silently wondered which one of them was the uncouth culprit. It took them a few visits to figure this
out, by which time Mickey the Fartonator had been confined to the veranda.
My poor mother was always at the receiving end courtesy our dogs and, well, me!”



“I refuse to listen to the insidious arguments of the skiers, who are constantly trying to persuade me to abandon the kayaks. I trust my kayaks and will not give in. I have reminded my companions of my unswerving conviction on more than one occasion.”



“Like a bloody cave,” was Lief’s assessment, “and it stinks of magic.” Penthos gave him an arch look. “And you’d have a sensitivity for magic?” “It has floating lights, and that bloke over in the corner is wearing a crown of glowing ice, and his mate’s got the head of a parrot. I don’t think you need to be Grand Archmage Woddleflot to pick up the delicate scent of magic.”



“I solemnly swear I'm up to no good.' - Fred and George Weasley”



“Exasperated Film Director, to Audrey Hepburn
You're impossible!
Hepburn
No, I'm not, I really happened...”

“He’s so nice, with his waistcoats and French cinema blog—one of those men who women adore, while never actually picturing them naked.”



“Her soul's already knotted over the choice of side-order, you can tell. She'll end up getting coleslaw anyway, on account of Mom says it's healthy. It's vegetables, see. Me, I need something healthier today. Like the afternoon bus out of town.”



“Polyamory (n.) Panodium.”

“Of course, he has no human money. But the High King of Elfhame refuses to pay with glamoured leaves as though he were some common peasant. He hands over glamoured gold instead and walks out with his purchases, feeling smug”




“I snort and pull my hair up into a high bun. It takes three tries to get it right because apparently my hair is as stubborn as I am.”



“Snub-nosed? You're a pig. Overweight? You're a hippo. Goofy teeth. You're... well, goofy. And she, with sticky-out ears? An elf. Secondary school radiates kindness from its very walls.”



“He was so deeply aggravated that he thought he would share the sensation by phoning someone up and aggravating them, as it would be almost certain to do at twenty past one in the morning.”



“This was too much for Pen. 'Well I think it was a ridiculous thing to have said.'
'You see, she knows nothing of the world, Pen,' he said earnestly. 'Then too, she is impulsive! Do you know, she always makes me think of a bird?'
'A goose I suppose,' said Pen somewhat tartly.”



“Baru,” Solit said, in exasperation, “would you please demonstrate to your mother and I that you can entertain an agreeable woman for at least one afternoon?”



“Tell us a weird idea you've come up with that's
totally
out there.'
'Well,' said the author, 'I made George Formby president-for-life of Great Britain.'
'Who's George Formby?' asked Tiger.
'What's Great Britain? asked Boo.
'Okay,' he said, 'here's another: a book about Humpty Dumpty as a police procedural.'
'I think that's been done', said the Troll. 'Everyone's always retelling nursery rhymes. I mean, it's not a massive stretch, is it?'
'How about a social order based wholly on the strength of your colour vision?'
'Better,' I said. 'is there a sequel?'
'Don't you start.”



“We are indefuckingstructible.”



“Most trees were made of wood, and so were the rest.”



“Oh fuck,' whispered Nora, into the cold.”



“Happiness is a shadow of laughter.”

“जैसे दिल के रोने से
आँख है नम नहीं होती।
शेयर बाज़ार चढ़ने से
ग़रीबी कम नहीं होती।”



“प्रिय, इसके आगे कुछ मत कहना।
चाँद माँगा है, चाँद पर ही रहना।
क्योंकि अगर तू धरती पर घर बनाने को कहेगी।
तो मैं तेरी फ़रमाइश पूरी नहीं कर पाऊँगा।
नौकरी वालों की ज़िंदगी निकल जाती है।
मैं बेरोज़गार कहाँ से घर बनाऊँगा।”



“गर्ल फ़्रेंड बोली
क्या तुम मेरे लिए ताज महल बनवाओगे।
हमने कहा
ताज महल के बारे में जान के क्या करेगी।
ताज महल तो तब बनवाएँगे जब तू मरेगी।”



“What's a record store employee without some casual music elitism?”



“Sometimes its good to be a sinner. The problem with being God-fearing is that in case of a problem we don't possess any bad habit to sacrifice in return for an urgent hearing of prayers.”

“As long as you wait for your life's freedom, you'll keep waiting for your life's freedom”

“Laughter is something which is very expensive nowadays and if you are getting it for free then take it and appreciate it”

“Well the lesser the clothes greater the beauty”



“He was a corpulent man, with a gift for sly chaffing, which to the end of his life he exercised in his intercourse with his son, a little pityingly, as if upon a half-witted person.”



“The Medical Man smoked a cigarette.”



“Of all the things I expected out of you, swords were not it."
"Why? I like shiny things that make other things go squish."
[...]
“Tell me that’s a lightsaber.”
Zia came around to join them, and she was quick to correct. “No, not quite. It’s a bejeweled magical sword, activated by runes that—”
“It’s totally a lightsaber,” Wicky cut in, handing it over with glee.
[...]
Nico was already bounding ahead, lightsaber in full swing. “My name is Nicholas di Rocci. You threatened my mage. Prepare to die!”
And then he promptly started making lightsaber noises as he cut into two ROUSes. “Vrãu, vrãu—”



“The only secret of her life was her abject terror of the time when her husband would come home to stay for good.”



“One approach to life that is guaranteed to help you to be happy is to learn to laugh at yourself and keep a sense of humour, whenever you can. Again, this is an Autopilot in the Computer of happy people; it is a learnt behaviour. If you take yourself too seriously then happiness can diminish.”

“She's not home?"
"Yes my lord. Not in residence means just that”

“Miss Winter, did you buy me a dirty Advent calendar?" He draws me closer and kisses my neck.
"Of course not." I pretend to be outraged.
"I made it myself.”



“Stories of the lone wolf were often spoken in packs with a level of awe that would make any youngling excited for the day they struck off alone to find their own home. Just like most stories, it seemed, the elders of his pack had left out some very important details.”



“Where there is laughter there is happiness.”

“Life on the hard shoulder”

“Women who are radical feminists are not
men-hunters. Sorry, I meant men-haters. Radical Feminists don’t hate men. But you can, if you want to.”



“As it turns out, Lot’s wife couldn’t sever her ties with Sodom, and God knew that she had left at least a part of her heart in that wicked place. She wasn’t able to move on. In other words, she “looked back.”




“God didn’t send his one and only son to earth just to make sure we brush our teeth, say our prayers, and help little old ladies across the street. Jesus came here for a purpose much greater than that. He came to change our hearts and minds, and his message was revolutionary.”



“Peter’s Diary Entry: But my eyes were opened when I saw a mother who loved her child so much that she would grovel at the feet of a man she had never met [who] … compared her to a common dog. She was willing to do all that just to save her little girl. In her selfless humility, in her willingness to swallow every ounce of pride for the sake of love, I saw a strength and power like I had never seen before. Light poured from her as she looked up at Jesus while slumping on the ground, and her face shone like the sun …”



“Joseph couldn’t contain his emotion any longer. He ordered all of the Egyptians out of the room so that he could be alone with his brothers. He then burst into tears and exclaimed: “I am your brother, Joseph!”



“Peter on the Transfiguration: “So, trying to be helpful, I offered to build three tents, one for Jesus, one for Moses, and one for Elijah. The minute those words left my mouth, I realized how stupid they were. Seriously, Peter? Build them tents? Like Jesus, Moses, and Elijah were going to spend the weekend on the mountain watching sunsets and sitting around the bonfire making s’mores? What is wrong with me?”



“In some ways, we all are a bit like Pharaoh. When we’re riding high and on top of the world, we’re convinced that our good fortune is the result of our birthright or our ingenuity, or our talent, or our hard work. During those times, we refuse to acknowledge that everything good and everything worthwhile comes from the Lord. But God loves us enough to sometimes let life’s adversities smack us in the face as a wake-up call, to remind us that he is the source of our strength, our success, and our hope for the future.”



“I found, after spending ten years as a journalist, learning to say exactly what I meant in short sentences, that I must learn, if I was to achieve literature and favourable reviews, to write as though I were not quite sure about what I meant but was jolly well going to say something all the same in sentences as long as possible.”



“My ma said: only love a man who reads books and understands them properly. If they don't read books don't go their bed. Ever!”



“My whole sorry existence has been building towards this one night. The night of the Reynolds’ Fortuna Ball. A celebration that invites the entire town to eat, drink, and dance the night away. It’s become tradition in these parts for the Reynolds family to hand over all the properties, businesses, offshore accounts, cars, and whatever else rich people own, to the heir on his twenty-fifth birthday. Nice, right? And the ball is their public way of celebrating the handover, or so everyone thinks. The truth is way weirder.
Try an ancient curse; a deal signed in blood and a pair of families joined in perpetuity. The whole thing gives me the itches and I sound certifiable to boot, but for the last four hundred years the women in my family have been ripping off the Reynolds family, and those a**eholes throw us a party so we can do it in style.”



“Stafford's Law of Dining Out states that the second you finish ordering something in a restaurant, food will immediately arrive at an adjacent table that looks ten times better.”

“He is the one who should apologize,” he said to the foreman. “He broke down our door and sat on our fire.”

“...were I rich enough, I would instantly pull Combe down, and build it up again in the exact plan of this cottage.'
'With dark narrow stairs, and a kitchen that smokes, I suppose,' said Elinor.”



“…Other Guild bosses have loyal minions to guard their backs. I get a dust bunny who's into glitz…”



“Ou alors Miki le bot de compagnie n’avait jamais été brimé, dupé ou maltraité ; peut-être ne lui avait-on jamais témoigné que de la bonté et de l’indulgence. Il considérait vraiment ses humains comme des amis, car c’est ainsi qu’ils le traitaient en retour.
J’ai signalé à Miki que je me déconnectais une minute. J’avais besoin d’avoir une émotion en privé.”



“I am sure that if any of the girls we whistled at that day had shown any signs of responding the ocean would not have been deep enough to drown our shame and terror.”



“Tea. Why are the Brits so obsessed with tea? Anything happens... "Put the kettle on." A death in the family. "Put the kettle on." Tornado. "Put the kettle on." Nuclear war. "Put the kettle on.”



“The weak socialisation makes opening the fridge an exciting adventure in microbiology, and the boots mean that every shift change sounds like an avalanche.”

“And there was a dog. That, or Skirmish had a taste for Pal Meaty Chunks in Gravy, and I didn’t think his quiet life had been quite
that
desperate.”



“Typically, a constable only sits in the Commissioner’s anteroom when he’s been very brave or very stupid, and I really couldn’t tell which one applied to me.”



“I asked whether this was the same agreement as the ‘agreement’, or a different agreement entirely.”



“You can always tell an old cop car because however hard you scrub, it always smells of old cop.”



“[The bridge] looked more like a fishing pier that had got ideas above its station and crossed the river in a fit of exuberance.”



“Christmas is a juggernaut, it rolls over most interruptions, potholes or side-tracks, and just keeps right on going.
From Making our Christmas Present:
A Merry Journey”



“You smiled! Yay! You did something that wasn't being a depressed, dense potato.”



“Please, you hooker,' Melanie said, 'you'd do him anyway, if he'd look your way once.”



“I felt color rising in my cheeks and tried to make small talk as he handed me a few more tampons and I snatched them and threw them in my purse, suppressing an hysterical giggle.”



“The pleasure of laughing is more than doubled by the ability of making others laugh.”

“So, if I become an associate professor, everyone will assume it’s the same as an assistant professor.”



“Coldmoon saw the early-morning glow of a café spilling onto the sidewalk and swerved toward it, not even bothering to ask his partner’s opinion. It was 6am and the café had apparently just opened.
“My dear Coldmoon—“ began Pendergast.
“If I don’t get some coffee,” said Coldmoon loudly, “I’m going to die.”
“Very well,” said Pendergast. “I wouldn’t want another corpse on my hands.”



“You make it sound like you’ve been drenched in blood before,” I stared particularly.
“I’m not going to lie about it. I have been,” he said uneased followed by a nervous laugh, “but I can assure you that there’s a good reason as to why I was.”
Now it’s my turn to let out a nervous and uncomfortable short laugh, “I don’t think there is ever a good time or reason to be drenched in blood Isaiah.”
“Point taken…”



“He was sure people detested accountants; they were boring. In fact, he had put down his profession as an airline pilot on the form he had filled in for a dating agency. As an airline pilot you could be away just the right amount of time, when you needed a break from your love life, without facing awkward questions from her when you got back.”




“You don’t think he’s our man?” asked Adam. It occurred to him that Ramsbottom was not exactly forthcoming with information.
“I didn’t say that,” Ramsbottom said. “In fact he is behaving very cautiously indeed, which makes me feel very suspicious.”
“He has probably figured out that you are following him,” said Adam. “One can hardly fail to notice you hanging around all the time.”
“That may be so,” said Ramsbottom.
“Can’t you get a disguise or something?” asked Adam. “So he does not recognise you.”



“Somebody always had to pay, and he was glad it was not going to be him. Meanwhile he had managed to ruin the perfect marriage by turning Dick into a crayfish and making Rachael think that he had run off with another woman.”



“A magic Adam never knew existed, yet he must somehow control it to survive.”



“I’m fucking asking you!” The man stood his ground.
From the corner of his eye Adam could see the other man getting up from his chair. It was time to go. Adam head-butted the first man who was blocking his way, and then kneed him in the groin for good measure. As the man doubled up, Adam pushed past him.”



“God must have known that, in the end, Adam and Eve would eat the apple and have to leave the Garden. But he had bigger plans for them and for the rest of humanity that requires a short stint here in our imperfect world. That is the only way for us to experience all of the joys, the sorrows, the failures, and the triumphs that come with being fully human.”



“But you are normal!' Harry said fiercely. 'You've just got a - a problem-'
Lupin burst out laughing.
'Sometimes you remind me a lot of James. He called it my "furry little problem" in company. Many people were under the impression that I owned a badly behaved rabbit.”



“One man’s torture is another man’s kink.”



“It’s libertine this and libertine that, but so far as I can tell, he only has about six notches in his bedpost and it never once crossed his mind that he could lower himself onto it.”



“Why would anyone use the word “eatery?” As in, “oh, it’s over there between the readery and the drinkery but thankfully not downwind of the shittoria.”



“A celebrity sighting has to happen in your world, not theirs. You can’t very well, for example, get a job as an extra on Coronation Street, perch yourself on a bar stool in the Rovers and sit there, stroking your chin, saying, “blimey, that’s Rita from Coronation Street.” Also inadmissible are celebrity sightings that took place through a celebrity’s bedroom window or at the bottom of a pit you dug.”

“The electric saw worked like a charm and, a few non-Bananagrammatical but highly Rabbinical words and a miniature parasol later, I was a newly-married man.”



“There was something funny I saw while travelling about which I remember thinking “oh, that’s worth telling the readers about,” only now I can’t remember what it was. It may have involved a waiter. Or possibly a ceramic tile. I’d have to go into a sensory deprivation tank to catch the tail of that memory and I’m not sure I have the time to do that before my dinner’s ready.”



“To my own ear, I sound like Charles de Gaulle himself but when I put my new-found phrases into practice, the post office clerk from whom I’ve asked to buy a stamp will look at me like I’ve asked him to administer a rectal thermometer.”



“She used to be a tremendously affectionate and cooperative cat, perfectly happy for you to pick her up and carry her around on your shoulder like a parrot. Time was, you could even pop her on your head like a living fur hat and she’d stay there, content to grow fat on your loving brainwaves. Now, in her advanced years, she’s developed a certain coolness. Though there are, of course, limits to one’s cool when one looks like a not-particularly-sophisticated glove puppet.”



“The wickedest thing I ever did was convince my little sister that the orange hippo was the hungriest one.”



“I asked why her Jeffrey was seeing a man in a dress shop. Perhaps he thought it was time his mother wore a dress was my first thought, Lil. Gertie said that was the job he did. Then the penny dropped. I asked her if Jeffrey was homosexual. I only whispered the word, Lil, I didn't shout it out loud. She said he was gay. She wants to take a closer look at her Jeffrey. He may, or may not, be homosexual, but there's nothing gay about him. He's as miserable as sin.”



“She's nowt spesh, didn't even have any ornaments. All her walls were painted white, no wallpaper, just black and white photos in black frames, big things they were. There was no carpet on the floor, bare floorboards and she could only afford to have one flower in a vase. Who buys just one flower Lil? Bit of a cheapskate if you ask me. All top show and no knickers, I reckon.”



“Every sane toddler is an aspiring comedian.”

“Sixty seconds of laughter is way more pleasurable than sixty days of happiness alone.”

“Fenn, under no circumstances will I ever even consider having sex with a giant six-eyed deer.”
“But you’re thinking of the logistics of it now, aren’t you?” asked Fenn, gently patting my hand.”



“I spoke with the Dungeon Master,” I said.
The room was silent for a bit; there were some looks of confusion.
“That’s your name for the entity that you believe created and controls all of reality?” asked Amaryllis.
“Yes,” I replied.
“And you spoke to it?” asked Grak.
“Yes,” I replied again. “Him. Or, he took a human form, I guess, but I think it was a him. I’m kind of under the impression that he was what he claimed to be.”
Amaryllis was clenching the table. “Please tell me that you were diplomatic.”
I paused slightly and tried to think of how to word it. There were two memories of how it went, and I could put them in sequence because of how one of those memories ended. “We didn’t really prepare for me to meet the all-knowing entity that controls the world,” I said. “It started off with -- look, I think overall it was a positive, productive conversation, but -- I asked him about the problem of pain, and he was kind of a dick about it, so I beat him to death.”
“No,” said Amaryllis. She closed her eyes and shook her head. “No, Juniper, why, I’m pregnant now, I can’t even drink my sorrows away.”
“He wasn’t actually dead,” I said.
“Oh?” asked Amaryllis, opening her eyes. “Really? The all-seeing entity that controls reality didn’t die from you punching it?! How could anyone possibly have seen that coming!”



“I can imagine”



“But as for Thaddeus Drybeck, words fail me!’ The Inspector, placing no dependence on this statement, waited for her to continue.”



“It is Ian’s regular smoothie. A punnet of raspberries, a fistful of spinach, Icelandic yoghurt (Finnish, if they are out of Icelandic), spirulina, wheatgrass, acerola cherry powder, chlorella, kelp, acai extract, cocoa nibs, zinc, beetroot essence, chia seeds, mango zest and ginger. It is his own invention, and he calls it Keep It Simple.”



“She found that the standard breakfast in Willstown was half a pound of steak with two fried eggs on top of it; she surprised Annie very much by asking for one fried egg and no steak. "Breakfast is steak and eggs," Annie explained patiently to the queer English girl.
"I know it is," said Jean, "But I don't want the steak."
"Well you don't have to eat it." The girl was obviously puzzled.
"Could I have one fried egg and no steak?' asked Jean.
"You mean, just one fried egg on a plate by itself?"
"That's right."
Food conservation in Willstown was evidently quite a new idea. "I'll ask Mrs Connor," said Annie. She came back from the kitchen with a steak with two fried eggs on top. "We've only got the one breakfast." she explained. Jean gave up the struggle.”



“Overboard?" Ampersand said. "But we're not at sea."
Teddy scratched at his beard.
"That's what they all say," he said. "Right before we throw them overboard.”



“I must say that I was very glad when Juanita got better, not only because I did not want to lose her, but also because it is very exhausting to sleep with a playful peccary in your bed.”



“The reason I lose my love, it's mg anger.”

“Some touches of humour are better left unexplained”

“All relationships are complicated; none as much as the one between Hades and Hel.”




“Come, Selie," said her mother, holding an arm out to her child. "Come keep me company while Giddon prods at my feet."
"Your faith in my abilities is touching," said Giddon.
"Let me go collect some sharp sticks to stab them with.”



“I got that same glorious hit of ecstasy, like the opposite of getting hit in the face with a frying pan.”



“Women need space to grieve, not husbands.”



“No creature on earth moves so quickly as an irritating man.”



“For someone so unwell, he seemed preposterously healthy.”



“One theme is an unflinching pioneer optimism. You can do great things. Everyone has this capacity. Every day, you can be better than you were yesterday; and there is nothing that exceeds your grasp if you put your mind to it. This sort of optimism is, of course, a semi-ubiquitous mantra of American life. I love this belief, and I find its profession, by large swathes of the American population, touching and sincere. The only problem is that I'm pretty sure it's not true. Most things lie outside the grasp of most people. And the one unbreakable truth of life is that we get worse.”



“Anger was a god’s prerogative. Mortals had no such luxury; they just had to do whatever they were told to by the angry gods.”



“Gods have been running the Universe long before the Nephilim decided to define it.”



“It is eventually painful to be made to experience the pleasure of laughing by someone you hate.”

“He slipped the gold fob-watch out of his waistcoat, flicked open the cover and stared at the dial. The Cat had replaced the conventional numbers with a series of symbols, which stood for 'food', 'sex', 'snooze', 'light snooze', 'heavy snooze', 'major sleep', 'self-adoration hour', 'preening' and 'bathtime'. Right now, it was twenty past sex, or, to put it another way, quarter to food.”



“All that remains is for me to thank you for supporting Comic Relief and to beg Muggles not to try Quidditch at home; it is, of course, an entirely fictional sport and nobody really plays it. May I also take this opportunity to wish Puddlemere United the best of luck next season.”

“An orgasm is an act of laughing through the genitals.”

“Guthrie Lochrin, a Scottish wizard writing in 1107, spoke of the 'splinter-filled buttocks and bulging piles' he suffered after a short broom ride from Montrose to Arbroath.”



“Being funny really is like a superpower because you can control situations with an offhand comment or wisecrack that kinda just falls from your brainpan without much effort. But like the Spider-Man so often says, with great power comes great responsibility and when you've got this talent that allows you to break down a person or event to their core essence that can make everyone else dissolve into peals of laughter, you carry a huge responsibility. It generally takes burgeoning comedians a while to learn the difference between being funny and just being mean and shitty. There's a learning curve, and it's an important one.”



“Come, Selie," said her mother, holding an arm out to the child. "Come keep me company while Giddon prods at my feet."
"Your faith in my abilities is touching," said Giddon. "Let me just go collect some sharp sticks to stab them with.”



“Many folk's troubles would be less
Could they be brought to understand
That oft they cause their own distress,
And hold its cure in their own hand.
~ Snippet from The Faith Cure by A.G. SHIRREFF”

“What is this?” she asked with a half-grimace on her face.
“Rabbit.”
“I wouldn’t have guessed that in a million years.”
“Yeah,” he growled. “But I’ve never cooked before.” He took a spoonful, trying to keep the foul-tasting mix down.”



“A drunken man stumbled out of a door at the back of an inn and tripped over her. She bolted for the alleyway as the man looked around in a daze. Eventually, the notion entered his mind that perhaps it was due to the alcohol, and he wandered off in a more or less straight line. He broke into a sailor’s song about how difficult it was to stay standing on the deck in a storm, which he felt fit his situation quite poetically.”



“Sir, not everyone is like you and me. Many people want a reason to enjoy.” - From my viewpoint, Yearning To Live Those Days.”



“Are professors always so deep in their analysis? They are intellectuals. It looks you are almost doing a PhD in marriage success.” - From my viewpoint, Yearning To Live Those Days.”



“Sir, not everyone is like you and me. Many people want a reason to enjoy.” - From my viewpoint, Yearning To Live Those Days.”



“It is known to the world, the deft of Indian Cautiousness. One of the few places on Earth where we have to oscillate our necks up, down, left and right before crossing a road.”



“The universal catalyst of the inadvertently patriarchal society is the universal Sharmaji Ka Ladka, who tops his IAS interviews, marries a housewife Miss. India and gives birth to Abraham Khan whose dancing is only amusing for the neighbours till he is 10 and after that, it becomes an academic distraction.”



“I just happened to be at the right place at the right time… or the wrong… I don’t know… But it’s a skill I’m getting used to by now. -Dr. Matlee (DEV)”



“Maureen is a sweet lady."
"Who's completely out of her depth as matron here. I don't know how she passed her nursing exams let alone become the head honcho. She almost killed me not long after I arrived here."
"You're exaggerating."
"I am not," Dora said, indignantly, "Moron shoved one of my suppositories down my throat at medicine time. I nearly choked to death. She was too busy concentrating on getting an aspirin up my arse to notice me turning blue.”



“Charles sold these and several other items before moving onto the next lot.
"Next up is a figurine of a rhino in amber-coloured glass, maker unknown but definitely of the art deco period. Where is it? Oh it's up here. I'll pass it down to you Angela, my dear. That's right, let me give you the horn."
Laughter ran through the crowd but Charles didn't understand why. He did his best to carry on but the mood of the audience had turned playful.
"Lot forty-seven is a beautiful pair of French, silver and cut-glass claret jugs."
Angela held them up carefully.
"These really are exquisite and well worth a good look," Charles continued, "Now, can everyone see Angela's jugs?"
The crowd laughed out loud again. Angela stood there, feeling her face turning red with embarrassment.”



“Thank the good Lord!” cried the mother, when she grasped the fact that the small piece of paper was one hundred dollars.
“It wasn’t the good Lord at all,” said I, “it was Daddy-LongLegs.”
“But it was the good Lord who put it in his mind,” said she.
“Not at all! I put it in his mind myself,” said I.”



“I never told you, did I, that Amasai and Carrie got married last May? They are still working here, but so far as I can see it has spoiled them both. She used just to laugh when he tramped in mud or dropped ashes on the floor, but now—you should hear her scold! And she doesn’t curl her hair any longer. Amasai, who used to be so obliging about beating rugs and carrying wood, grumbles if you suggest such a thing. Also his neckties are quite dingy — black and brown, where they used to be scarlet and purple. I’ve determined never to marry. It’s a deteriorating process, evidently.”

“A ray of hope to reach heights can lie anywhere, even between spokes of a rim..! Just need to find and ride it out..!”

“Happy Birthday, Sweetheart.”




“I ended up sitting right next to Sexy Patty. The placement wasn’t on purpose. (I needed the hands of God, not a girlfriend.) Since I was dealing with my own issues, I failed to notice that she was clenching a napkin and sweating profusely from head to toe. Nonetheless, she looked hotter than a fever.”



“Phil, we're the laughing stock of the nation,"
said Hobbs Creek mayor to police chief, "We
have a cop who faints at the sight of blood!”



“Tree said, Thanks for everything. It’s been nice knowing you. You too, said Cress. Will you be OK? I’m a tree. I’ve done this a thousand times before. Done what? Goodbyes. Really? Think about it. Leaves”



“Drina is not terrifyingly muscled. Her underdeveloped calves tell me she's not a runner. Her bad posture tells me she has little to no energy. She might be good with a sword, but I deem that unlikely.
I fail to find a solid reason not to punch her in the face.”



“I'm afraid I don't know WTF. I only discovered LOL from Joyce last week. I'm going to assume that it doesn't refer to the Warsaw Transit Facility, as that was shut down in 1981 when the Russians came sniffing.”



“I gave her the remote and she chose a channel showing Inglourious Basterds. She said the title was spelled that way because Tarantino had misspelled it in a leaked screenplay and then insisted he’d done it on purpose.”



“Just look at that beastly duck cooking at my stove!" Cried Mrs Gregg as she flew past the kitchen window. "How dare she!”



“People who live in unstable places have brilliantly dark senses of humour. Even when Yemen was getting bombed, Yemenis would be telling you the most inappropriate jokes.”

“We conduct business meetings so much better on beer.”



“I find my Zen moments in a bottle of beer.”



“She loves her garden. Dad joked that she spent more time on her knees out there than in the church. She answered that she had her doubts about a God who had created bindweed.”



“Sons love mothers, mothers love their sons? It’s sentimental nonsense uttered only by the fools who purchase greeting cards and, in another and much darker sense, by Freudians.”



“He had come from the humblest of backgrounds, born in a cottage he had built with his own hands”



“the sensation now sprinting up her spine was turning her nipples into lethal weapons”



“It is humanly impossible to be unhappy while you are dancing or laughing willingly.”

“True to a point, but I didn't think it would be a good idea to tell Cahil that his horse had asked me for some milk oats. And I was certain he didn't want to know that his own horse had called him Peppermint Man.”



“And if you weren’t a fool, a common fool, a perfect fool, if you were an original
instead of a translation … you see, Rodya, I recognise you’re a clever fellow, but you’re a fool!”



“He’s doing it partly out of guilt. A week previously Marianne gave him head in his apartment and complained afterwards that her jaw hurt, and he was like, do you have to complain about everything all the time?”



“Can’t you see the danger all around you?”
Daniel the shoemaker walked up to them and abruptly put a baby lamb in Keeley’s arms. “For your mum. Tell her I’ll get her the baby goat in another week or two.”
They stared at the lamb bleating in Keeley’s arms as Daniel returned to his shop.
“Yes, Sister, the danger is
everywhere
.”



“You called
demons
to help you. That doesn’t bother you? That they’re evil?”
“Evil? What makes you think they’re evil?” Keeley asked, truly confused.
She pointed her sword. “Flames. They all have flames instead of eyes! That doesn’t bother you?”
“As long as I don’t put my hands right on their faces, I—”
“
That’s not what I mean!
”



“Stop talking to me,” he ordered as he walked away. “And stop staring at my ass.”
“Just wondering how it looks with four legs.”
He stopped. Faced her. “What?”
“You know,” she admitted, “that sounded less . . . strange, in my head.”
“Did it? Really?”



“You wouldn’t dare,” Ghastek told him.
Curran glanced at Jim. “Would I dare?”
Jim chuckled. “You would. In fact, I can’t understand why you haven’t dared yet. Mulradin is already dead. If Ghastek doesn’t make it out, the People will experience a power vacuum. Either they’ll fight it out or they’ll get a new boss from above who doesn’t know anything about Atlanta. Either way it’s a win for us.”
“We don’t really have to kill you,” Thomas said. “It can be a happy accident. You could step into a dark hole and break your neck. Or you and Jim could linger behind for a moment or two, and then you’ll slip and fall.”
“On my claws,” Jim added. “Very unfortunate.”
“Or I could accidentally shoot you,” Andrea offered from behind. “It was dark, I saw something move. Everybody knows I’m a terrible shot.”
“Ha-ha,” I told her.
“We’d get back,” Robert said. “And the People would ask us ‘Where is Ghastek?’ and we’d say ‘Terribly sorry, couldn’t find him. Mishmar is a big place, you know.’”
“I feel like I’ve been captured by a horde of savages,” Ghastek said dryly.”



“You are a driver," he said, "and I use the word in the loosest possible sense, i.e.
meaning merely somebody who occupies the driving seat of what I will for the
moment call - but I use the term strictly without prejudice - a car while it is
proceeding along the road, of stupendous, I would even say verging on the
superhuman, lack of skill. Do you catch my drift?”



“Add some humour and laughter too into life. Only an apple won't help.”

“Tym zmarłym po śmierci rosły brody i paznokcie tak długie, że poprzebijały ziemię i zarosły całe miasto i ludzie się w tych brodach plątali, i już nie było wiadomo, do czego to będzie prowadzić; ale przyszedł szewczyk Skuba, zabił smoka, pojął za żonę królewnę, a potem zrobił porządek z brodami oraz obóz koncentracyjny dla opornych.”



“”



“I enjoyed myself as much as I could, trying consciously or unconsciously to fill the void with jokes.”



“It's like a choice, but with fewer options.”



“People only ever doubt certainties, otherwise, where’s the sport?”



“In twenty-four hours we have gone through more than anyone else has - I'm sure of it. But does that bind two people? Or does that just make us survivors?”




“Why are you standing in the shadows like a creep?”
“It is not creepy to wait patiently while conserving electricity.”
“Yes it is. Take a note.”



“I do not cough for my own amusement," replied Kitty fretfully.”



“Finally, who can say of a crude, ill-decorated pot that it represents the end stage of a craft in decline rather than the first faltering steps of a new industry, or the fumbling of an apprentice in a mature stage of an established one, or even the blunder of a highly competent craftsman with a hangover?”



“All words are made up," I said.
"That is true," David Swansby replied, "and also not a useful contribution.”



“Seven Jews have changed the way we perceive the world: Moses said ‘Everything is in the head!’, Jesus said ‘Everything is in the heart!’, Marx said ‘Everything is in the stomach!’, Freud said ‘Everything is in the loin!’, Zuckermann said ‘Everything is in the tongue!’, Zuckerberg said ‘Everything is online!’, Einstein said ‘Everything is relative!’. The success of language revival is relative. No language reclamation can be fully successful. And as an eighth Jew, Jerry Seinfeld, once said: ‘Not that there’s anything wrong with that!”



“I was not born happy. As a child, my favourite hymn was :'Weary of earth and laden with my sin.' At the age of five, I reflected that, if I should live to be seventy, I had only endured, so far, a fourteenth part of my whole life, and I felt the long-spread-out boredom ahead of me to be almost unedurable. In adolescense, I hated life and was continually on the verge of suicide, from which, however, I was restrained by the desire to know more mathematics.”



“I remember sensing a jolt. I thought it was either a dream or a nightmare. Then, I woke up. The bedroom was shaking and the chair beside the bed, with the alarm clock on it, was jumping up and down. There was a strange combination of sounds - a roaring that was suddenly overwhelmed by a thunderous creaking. 'Jesus Christ.' I didn't realise it was an earthquake until I reached for the door knob and it was moving. I rushed out into the corridor and started running around in circles. The hotel was bucking and rearing like a fairground ride. I ran down the staircase and suddenly realised I was in the building's most vulnerable spot: the stairwell. So I raced back up the stairs and started screaming, 'Get out, get out. We're all going to die.' I'm not very good in emergencies.”



“How would you make a prince bow to you?"
"Easy, with an arrow in his knee.”



“I tried,’ she murmured. ‘After the war with Gaia, I convinced myself everything would be perfect. For a while, a few months maybe, I thought it was. Jason’s great. He’s my closest friend, even more than Annabeth. But –’ she spread her hands – ‘whatever I thought was there, my happily-ever-after … it just wasn’t.’
I nodded. ‘Your relationship was born in crisis. Such romances are difficult to sustain once the crisis is over.’
‘It wasn’t just that.’
‘A century ago, I dated Grand Duchess Tatiana Romanov,’ I recalled. ‘Things were great between us during the Russian Revolution. She was so stressed, so scared, she really needed me. Then the crisis passed, and the magic just wasn’t there any more. Wait, actually, that could’ve been because she was shot to death along with the rest of her family, but still –”



“Was I sleeping, while the others suffered? Am I sleeping now? Tomorrow, when I wake, or think I do, what shall I say of today? That with Estragon my friend, at this place, until the fall of night, I waited for Godot? That Pozzo passed, with his carrier, and that he spoke to us? Probably. But in all that what truth will there be?
( Estragon, having struggled with his boots in vain, is dozing off again. Vladimir looks at him. ) He'll know nothing. He'll tell me about the blows he received and I'll give him a carrot. ( Pause. ) Astride of a grave and a difficult birth. Down in the hole, lingeringly, the grave digger puts on the forceps. We have time to grow old. The air is full of our cries. ( He listens. ) But habit is a great deadener. ( He looks again at Estragon. ) At me too someone is looking, of me too someone is saying, He is sleeping, he knows nothing, let him sleep on. ( Pause. ) I can't go on! ( Pause. ) What have I said?”



“You have been good enough to allude to me in one of your recent lucubrations," he said, shaking the paper at me. "It was in the course of your somewhat fatuous remarks concerning the recent Saurian remains discovered in the Solenhofen Slates. You began a paragraph with the words: 'Professor G.E. Challenger, who is among our greatest living scientists_'"
"Well, sir?" I asked.
"Why these invidious qualifications and limitations? Perhaps you can mention who these other predominant scientific men may be to whom you impute equality, or possibly superiority to myself?"
"It was badly worded. I should have said 'Our greatest living scientist,'" I admitted.”



“A sailor's wife had chestnuts in her lap
And munched and munched and munched. "Give me," quoth I.
"Aroint thee, witch," the rump-fed runnion cries.”



“Tai šitaip, gerbiamas inteligente, ir žiūrėkite į visą šitą reikalą, neraudonuokite it toji gimnazistė, pamačiusi šviežią agurką...”



“Like 'theater' and 'theatre', 'cosmic' and 'comics' are just different spellings of the same idea.”

“When I was a child, a relative use to call me, Lailah the lion!”

“Plenty is the peace of the poor.”

“Can we stop talking about my pants, please?”



“The holy temple is the heart.”

“She could scarcely help admiring his appearance, but she had not fallen in love with his face, or his figure, and certainly not with his air of elegance. He had considerable charm of manner, but she decided that it was not that either. She thought it might be the humour that lurked in his eyes, or perhaps his smile.”



“Don't worry, old chum, that's why I'm a major and you're still a private." "I'm the prince!" Ferdinand shrugged. "Well, there wasn't anything they could do about that now, was there?”



“Good morning!" Coren crowed. "The sun is rising, the day is still young, and it is time for you to continue the perilous flight for your life!”



“A line from the Joe Walsh song reverberated in my head. ‘ “Nature loves her little surprises,” ’ I said.
Piper snorted. ‘She sure does.’
I stared at the rows of Caligula’s outfits – everything from wedding gowns to Armani suits to gladiator armour.
‘It’s been my observation,’ I said, ‘that you humans are more than the sum of your history. You can choose how much of your ancestry to embrace. You can overcome the expectations of your family and your society
. What you cannot do, and should never do, is try to be someone other than yourself – Piper McLean.’
She gave me a wry smile. ‘That’s nice. I like that. You’re sure you’re not the god of wisdom?’
‘I applied for the job,’ I said, ‘but they gave it to someone else. Something about inventing olives.’ I rolled my eyes.”



“If the fridge did sink, it would also be a considerable inconvenience to bathers who would have to learn the exact position of the wrecked fridge or risk the
agony of their toes ramming into its rusting metal shell. In the future, it might even appear on naval charts of these waters, novitiate navigators baffled by the small white cuboid marked as a hazard just off the shore.”



“If the fridge did sink, it would also be a considerable inconvenience to bathers who would have to learn the exact position of the wrecked fridge or risk the agony of their toes ramming into its rusting metal shell. In the future, it might even appear on naval charts of these waters, novitiate navigators baffled by the small white cuboid marked as a hazard just off the shore.”



“It had been done, the fridge had surfed, and what is more I had photographic evidence, provided I didn’t screw up with the film again.”



“Have you played tennis on that tennis court?’ I asked.
‘Oh, don’t talk to me about tennis,’ he complained, ‘my kids have been dying to
have a game ever since we got here, but they can’t’
‘Why not?’
‘There aren’t any tennis balls on the island.’
‘You’re joking.’
‘I’m not. Not one. The shop’s run out and the guy who was supposed to bring some out from the mainland forgot’
Island life encapsulated.”



“— ...Кажется, снег повалит.
— И вовсе не снег, пан Мразек, это души повешенных. Они туда по ночам слетаются, — тоном знатока объяснил молодой адвокат по уголовным делам.
Пан Мразек с облегчением уловил гудок подъезжающего поезда.”



“There is no great dark man.
Even under an exterior as rugged as a mountain range, there lurks the same wounded, wincing psyche that cripples the rest of us. Where we are led to think we will find strength, we shall discover force; where we hope for ruthlessness, we shall unearth spite; and when we think we are clinging desperately to a rock, it is falling upon us.”



“Screw the social ladder. Choose to levitate.”

“Because really, how many cannibalistic giants can one Greek plausibly meet as he sails the open seas?”




“I come from there, there where I never belonged.”



“We have a grey-faced Tory Prime Minister, Kevin Costner is the closest thing we’ve got to Robin Hood, our poet is dead (RIP Kurt Cobain) and it’s Monday bastard morning so, you’re right D:Ream, things can only get better.”



“Seen through the gold of old Scotch, life seems more beautiful.”



“- I have the impression that we are the last people on Earth.
- It wouldn't be so bad. We would have all the wine of the world to ourselves.”



“...humour when explained is no longer humour.”



“He thought "what the hell was that?" but didn't have the energy to pursue it.”



“Trzeba urodzić się błaznem, by zostać królem. "Trzy wiedźmy”



“- Mam wrażenie, że jesteśmy ostatnimi ludźmi na Ziemi.
- To nie byłoby takie złe. Mielibyśmy dla siebie całe wino świata.”



“Arrrr, I don’t want to spend one minute in this baby place. It’s no place for a pirate!” - Sniff”

“I shan't hazard a guess, my guesses are hazardous!”



“He flashed a winning smile and I saw that he was missing a canine on one side. He caught my gaze and closed his lips self-consciously. "Never mind about that," he said.
His tongue brushed over the gap. "I ate something that disagreed with me."
"Eating something that disagreed with you dislodged a tooth?" I asked.”



“She drew a deep breath. Alexa’s subtle fragrance lingered in the air along with… What was that odour, burnt toast?”
Excerpt From: C. Fonseca. “Tracing Invisible Threads.”

“that's my way, always jealous and never thin”



“The third cup of coffee was a special weapon in her arsenal, like the brahmastra from the epics, to be wielded occasionally and against the most insidious of enemies, one’s own demons.”



“I can heal." the words are out of my mouth before I think to censor them.
'What? You can?" His green eyes narrow. "You never said."
I stick a finger in his chest. "You. Never. Asked."
His brief moment of startlement dissolves into desperate laughter.
"And yet you can't even call your stone's fire, which is the easiest, most basic power. You might be a worse failure than even me.”



“She took sick back home so she never got to see the mother country. Funny phrase, that. Britain gives the kind of mothering that would fetch the social workers in.”



“Dagglebelt almost snatched the held-out pumpkin in his eagerness. His big chance had come.
"Now just watch me a minute,"he pleaded.
He planted his feet in an open fourth. He threw up one pumpkin. He threw up another. He threw up the third.
"Juggler, "explained the Master of the Revels.
Breathing heavily Dagglebelt caught the first pumpkin. He clutched at the second. He missed the third.
"A bad juggler," said Burghley disappointed.
"It was an accident," said Dagglebelt. He picked up the pumpkins. He tried again.
"Dolt," cried a raw voice from an upper storey. "Run away and practice while you still have hands to do it with."
Dagglebelt gave one glance. He abandoned his pumpkins. He ran.
Elizabeth of England withdrew from the window. She was smiling.”



“Question: How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Feminist answer: That’s not funny.”



“If it's wet, drink it”

“Jacques resumed his trademark torpid position with no care in the world... except for his fractured nose.”



“Alfred ought never to be confused with King Arthur, equally memorable but probably non-existent and therefore perhaps less important historically (unless he did exist).”



“She rarely admitted the truth that she had passed the mid-century milestone. She’d been forty-eight for two years and forty-nine for three.”



“Music thundered in Raul's head, not that pussy stuff he'd been forced to endure in his former life either. This was pure Nickelback.”

“But why? Why not give them the same pain they give you? Measure for measure. An eye for an eye.
"I don't want anybody's eye."
You know what I mean.
Suraya was silent for a while as she thought about this. Then she sighed. "Because then, that makes me no better than them. That makes me a bully too.”

“No one dies listening to Enrique Iglesias”

“All right, maybe three cups. But it had bits of apple floating in it. Nothing serious has bits of apple floating in it.”

“A participant from Zambia, who had listened intently throughout the conference, finally raised her hand at a senior level roundtable. “I have been hearing this expression—‘we need to think outside the box’—for the past 3 days,” she said, reiterating the cliche. “It seems a little strange to me,” the woman continued with bemusement. “In my community we don't thinking boxes.”



“As Sherlock Holmes once observed: When you've excluded the inevitable, whatever remains, however unpalatable, must be lunch.”



“POZZO: Have you not done tormenting me with your accursed time! It's abominable! When! When! One day, is that not enough for you, one day he went dumb, one day I went blind, one day we'll go deaf, one day we were born, one day we shall die, the same day, the same second, is that not enough for you? ( Calmer. ) They give birth astride of a grave, the light gleams an instant, then it's night once more. ( He jerks the rope. ) On!”



“Arguing with a fool means you’re also one.”

“Frankly, Hadley, you look like a fucking Cabbage Patch Kid fighting Godzilla.”




“I didn't do it; I can just imagine doing it. Maybe that's the difference between crazy and not crazy.”



“My rules for speech also disqualified “fire,” “lit,” “progressive,” “zi,” “cray,” and “Do you want to go to the Chainsmokers concert?”



“Never make a person feel, that s/he is very (extra) special.. because, then that person starts feeling that 'You' are not worth her/him.”

“Money can't buy happiness, BUT it can buy books (which is basically the same thing).”



“They say that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but it is not one half so bad as a lot of ignorance.”



“One day, I hope you look at me the way you do bacon”



“Wonders Does Psychology Reverse.”

“Misplaced commas are, egregious.”

“Jokes about full stops are not funny, period.”

“Smile often. It will either confuse people or make them think you’re up to something.”

“There are only two kinds of people in this world: Those who are always certain of everything and I’m not sure who the others are.”

“My biological clock may be ticking, but I can’t hear it properly due to the singing cuckoo.”

“If I had a dollar for every time someone called me crazy, I’d build a mental asylum and check them into it one by one.”

“I used to say: “All religions are somewhat true. But my religion is the truest of them all because I was born into it and never got to choose it.” Now I have transcended this atavistic dogmatic reality tunnel and evolved into spirituality, thereby making me more spiritually enlightened than you.”

“I remain to be convinced that Jacob Rees-Mogg has not at least considered ingesting his young.”



“Marriage is called an ‘institution’ because you must be somewhat mental to get into it. You first seek asylum but end up living in one. You don’t believe me? Well, in Spanish ‘Esposas’ means wives as well as handcuffs. But hey, that’s nothing but a linguistic coincidence.”

“Bet she still lives with her mum and dad and has piles of teddies on her bed...”



“Whenever someone throws a tantrum I usually duck. Other times I goose. But I never quail or chicken out.”

“Paul watched him amble into his class-room at the end of the passage, where a burst of applause greeted his arrival. Dumb with terror, he went into his own class-room.
Ten boys sat before him, their hands folded, their eyes bright with expectation.
‘Good morning, sir,’ said the one nearest him.
‘Good morning,’ said Paul.
‘Good morning, sir,’ said the next.
‘Good morning,’ said Paul.
‘Good morning, sir,’ said the next.
‘Oh, shut up,’ said Paul.
At this the boy took out a handkerchief and began to cry quietly.”



“Traitor.” Nero Muttered.
Temper looked over his shoulder. “You say something, buddy?”
Nero scowled. “You betrayed us.”
“How’d you figure that?”
“You pretended to be one of us.”
“I was undercover, jackass. Pretending to be one of you is what undercover means. I can’t betray you if I was never one of you to begin with.”
“You said you were my friend.”
“If it makes you feel better, you still hold a special place in my heart.”
“Shut up.”
“Need a hug?”
“Shut. Up.”
Temper grinned.”



“Have any of you been inside before?”
MacQueen gave a soft huff of laughter. “Aye. At Covent Garden a few years back. Lady Astley and I shared a theater box. But a gentleman isn’t supposed to kiss and tell, is he?”
“I meant the town house, you dog. Not the countess.”



“What are you going to do with your self now?'...
'I? said Fen. 'I shall pursue my orderly and dignified progress towards the grave.”



“...Dah I look like I ‘ave all day?”
Honestly, the man looked as if he was between cardiac arrests, so he probably did not have all hour.”



“I glared into the gloom. I couldn't make out much other than an outline. Did I need more carrots in my diet or was it that dark?”



“The fact that not one has ever laughed tells us much about computers. Either that, or it tells us much about our jokes.”

“Let’s call this a kiss and assume that, in reality, a kiss is as much a beginning of dramatic events as a wise decision is in Greek tragedy.”



“If aliens land on earth one day, they will find that the human language is a mystery in which words will do anything the hopeless ask of them.”



“If you're really hard up, I can introduce you to my grandmother. She's a fan. [...] She doesn't typically sleep with pretty young things, but she would make an exception in your case. You might even learn a trick or two.”



“He got plucky,” Daji said.
“I turned him to mincemeat and sent him back to Vaisra in a dumpling basket.”
Jiang arched an eyebrow.
“Darling, fucking what ?”

“Cities are humans' shoddy attempts at making ecosystems.”




“It (the room) used to be a lot smaller, but an accidental incursion by rhinos had changed that.”



“This is my favorite book in all the world, though I have never read it. How is such a thing possible? I’ll do my best to explain.”



“Dancing on the deck of a boat with a beautiful woman and, for some reason, a meerkat.”



“Could this underwear pass as a swimming costume? Perhaps. Is there such a thing as a Y-front swimming costume? Probably.”



“They’ve tried everything they could think of, but to say that it has been like the blind leading the blind would be exaggerating the productivity of the endeavour.”



“Ric placed his elbows on his desk and rested his chin in the palms of his hand.
"So, let me sum up - we've got one vote for total annihilation and one vote for forcing them to join the hockey team. Am I correct?"
"Yes," both females replied.”



“It's a great thing, prayer. Nobody answers, but at least it stops you from thinking.”



“A lot of good arguments are spoiled by some fool who knows what he is talking about.”

“And you can sometimes tilt the playing field in your own favour. You don’t discreetly lift the surface of a game of table football (or foosball) unless you’re an outrageous cheat. It’s acceptable to do so, however, if your opponent is the one in your mind who keeps saying ‘stop being alive’. Going for a brisk walk or having a cup of tea are a couple of harmless ways to change the chemistry of your body enough, maybe, to change your frame of mind. At least, it works for some of the people some of the time. If your opponent wants you dead, tilt the table. Tea, exercise, talking therapy, meditation, prescribed anti-depressants . . . different things tilt different tables. Whatever works for you.”



“Dogs aren’t just for Christmas; you could probably get hold of a cat for a few weeks too.”

“Books are the priceless assets & a lifetime friends.”

“À quelques dizaines de kilomètres de là, au presbytère de Saint-Cajetan-d’Armagh, l’atmosphère était à l’orage. Le curé Tardif écumait de rage. On aurait dit un diable dans l’eau bénite.”



“Percheron resta coi comme une poule qui regarde son premier œuf.”



“Le docteur Patry ouvrit la porte, qui grinça comme pour raconter à tout le monde ce qui venait de se passer.”



“He'll make a good vampire though, once he gets the hang of it.”



“Look at it! It's ginger! I shall have to hide until it's grown out! Despair! Anguish! Horror!”



“Our arses should be signs of peace!”

“Mrs. Henderson looked up at the sheriff and smiled pleasantly.
"Is my husband still alive?" she asked.
"Yes, ma'am. He's hanging in there," he replied.
"Good," she said. "I hope he lives."
The sheriff nodded. The old woman smiled.
"Because I really want to stab him again."
Wit that, Mrs. Henderson went back to reading the Bible.”



“We've also talked about the somewhat unusual processing model that makes life challenging for programmers from the world of procedural languages (a.k.a. Earth).”



“Too long speeches are boring even if they're full of humour. Short speeches are very entertaining even if they lack humour. Be concise. Be simple. Make your speech short but very valuable.”

“Why did Jane Russell?
Because Max Factor”

“If pigs could fly... bacon would go up”

“My entire existence is just a gay little dance and every once and a while I waltz towards a new sexuality”

“She went out for dinner with the guy who fixed her computer. All evening long, she couldn't remember his name. But he smiled sweetly as he explained motherboards to her and asked her about her life. Adam, Brian, Chad. "I might go back for my master's," she said. David, Ethan, Fred? "But I'm not sure I'm really passionate about anything.”



“Stan smiled too. Life was good, even when you were dead.”



“And though I've set the table, cooked a meal, tidied your house, you eat it lukewarm on a tray on your knee in the front room with the big light on like we're the local takeaway, and pay attention to the telly like it's a vital organ.”



“All good things must end,’ said Frances Price. She was a moneyed, striking woman of sixty-five years, easing her hands into black calfskin gloves on the steps of a brownstone in New York City’s Upper East Side.”



“His sister sighed. “I’m starting to become concerned about your taste, little brother. She’s…odd.”
“She’s odd because she’s brilliant.” He motioned to the exit where the female had disappeared. “At this moment, she’s discussing things you and I could never even comprehend.”
...
“I absolutely could create a lightsaber.”



“I'm afraid I don't know WTF. I only discovered LOL from Joyce last week”




“You’re a lot braver than most of the people outside,” said Enrique. “None of them could build a bomb with their eyes closed and wander into a metal monster and still want to name it ‘David.’ Trust in yourself, Phoenix.”



“She was named Jocaminca fforkes, with two
small
'f's - as if having two 'f's wasn't pretentious enough”



“We can't live in dreams any more that we can live in the clouds or under socialism.”



“Why on earth have you put me in a box, you baffling woman?”



“Jethro's flat was in a warehouse that, even from the outside, looked very pleased with its own conversion.”



“saying "awesome on work phone calls is just another way to stay punk”



“True grown-ups are thoroughly childlike.”

“I know a word you don't know," Margo chanted. "I'M THE NEW QUEEN OF VOCABULARY! I'VE USURPED YOU!"
"Spell usurped”



“Also, I named the algorithm I presented in the paper BAyesian Clustering Over Networks, also known as BACON, so I have that going for me.”



“Very ... shiny. Jack winced a little and snapped the eye patch back into place. Potentially dangerous levels of cheer.”



“Never do anything by halves if you wanna get away with it.”



“Life - just another corrupted file.”

“Her series features relaxed into a wide smile. She possessed the teeth of a tiny horse--white and square except for two pairs of pathetic canines.”



“THE NEW CANADIAN PRIME MINISTER HAS GREAT HAIR, I wrote next.
Eleanor raised a brow and flipped a page. This was the most she’d ever even looked at me during one of these sessions, so I pressed onward.”



“Moi, j’aime bien les bisous. Maman dit toujours qu’un baiser chaque jour, c’est une pomme d’amour”



“Dylan talked copiously then stopped, 'Somebody's boring me,' he said, 'I think its me.”

“On this site in 1897
Nothing happened”

“When around archaeologists, don't mention the Pilt-down Man”

“The money in the chorus isn’t very good, is it?!” she said.
“No.” It was less than you’d get for scrubbing floors. The reason was that, when you advertised a dirty floor, hundreds of hopefuls didn’t turn up.”



“The fat man, taken by surprise, was very hurt.
"Search me, Missus."
"I might if I had the time. Her bright eyes, small and dark as his own, took in his great bulk with wicked amusement. "What are you carrying about with you? The dome of St Paul's?"
"Ho! Who's talking, eh?" As the insult went home he forgot all caution. "Margot Fonteyn of the Convent Garden I suppose.”



“Alcoholics don't have unopened bottles of wine in the house. They have empty wine bottles”



“I don't know if it has ever occurred to you, but to the thoughtful cove there is something dashed reassuring in all the reports if burglaries you read in the papers. I mean, if you're keen on Great Britain maintaining her prestige and all that. I mean, there can't be much wrong with the moral of a country whose sons go in to such a large extent for housebreaking, because you can take it from me that the job requires a nerve of the more cast-iron description.”



“Never let the facts get in the way of a good story.”

“The gate was packed with weary travelers, most of them standing and huddled along the walls because the meager allotment of plastic chairs had long since been taken. Every plane that came and went held at least eighty passengers, yet the gate had seats for only a few dozen.”



“Ooh! Oo-wooh!' groaned Henry, looking up to see that even Albert Einstein was willing him on. Amber grasped at lumps of his flesh and felt as if she were steering a rickety bus on a bumpy goat track.”



“Alright, then. Crazy Carl saves the day! By the power vested in me by the aliens, I pronounce you participants in this hypothetical revenge pact. You may now drink up.”



“Give a man a meal and he’s happy. Teach a man to cook and the whole family’s happy.”



“Children shouldn’t leave home without knowing how to cook. Or worse, they won’t leave home if they can’t cook.”



“Educate a woman to cook and you educate a family to cook.”



“Her husband's damnable horse snorted, kicking the ground angrily as she approached. She'd never got along with this beast. Unlike her, it enjoyed being underneath him.”




“There's no law saying I can't bitch about it first.”



“I look around at all these teachers, that fed us a narrative that we could be whatever we wanted to be, that we could achieve whatever we dreamed of. That was a load of nonsense. Why didn't they teach us how to cope with heartbreak and disillusionment rather than Pythagoras and the periodic table?”



“He knows the only way to fake emotion's
to fake (but not too well) lack of emotion
but not to get too tied up in its absence
(or, if you like, the pretence of its absence).”



“Kyou handed him a small USB drive, barely bigger than his thumbnail. “Wireless bridge. Plug it into the back of the camera and give me five minutes. We’ll be set.”
“You want me to bullshit my way through measuring for hardware for five minutes?”
Kyou patted him on the arm. “You’re charming. You’ll be fine.”



“Readers on the storm”

“So," the Dalai Lama finally said, slapping the Archbishop on the wrist playfully. "I prefer to go to hell than to heaven. I can solve more problems in hell. I can help more people there.”



“Apparently, Hollywood men are not all about tits and ass, and they value brains and politically correct opinions. This, of course, sets women everywhere up for disaster. Men are all about tits and ass. We don’t care about minds as long as they’re one track and focused on the same thing that ours are – S.E.X. Conversation is highly overrated, I’m allergic to feelings, and she can have whatever opinion she likes as long as she doesn’t feel the need to share it with me. Generally, she’s gagged, though, so it isn’t a big problem.”



“I don’t know where Henry was. Probably looking at the moon and reciting some poem from the T’ang Dynasty.”



“Nature,” on the original planet, had meant what was not controlled by human beings. “Nature” was what was substantially previous to control, the raw material for control, or what had escaped from control. Thus the areas of Dichew where few people lived, quadrants that were undesirably dry or cold or steep, had been called “nature,” “wilderness,” or “nature preserves.” In these areas lived the animals, which were also called “natural” or “wild.” And all the “animal” functions of the human body were therefore “natural” — eating, drinking, pissing, shitting, sex, reflex, sleep, shouting, and going off like a siren when somebody licked your clitoris.”



“One Loop to rule them all, One Loop to find them,
One Loop to bring them all and in liveness bind them.”



“To repent is to be rich.”

“There’s no way we can compete.” Her eyes were on the leads, now huddled together like they were District 1 in the Hunger Games.”



“Look here,” I said, “what is this?” (I was already getting tired of “Who are you and what are you doing here?”)
“Good morning,” he said. Then he grinned as if he couldn’t help seeing the absurdity of it. “I mean, it is a good morning in some respects at least, but I don’t think that’s what you meant.”
“No, it is not,” I snapped. “What I mean is, who are you, and what are you doing here?”

“Some write because they love to, some write because they have talent…, I write because I have something to say…, and I think that something has yet to be said just the way I want it to be said…”

“Fun is not only for those who wish to enjoy it but also for those who wish to share it.”

“Suddenly, Kat sat up as her neck started to vibrate. The F.U.R. communicator built into her collar rang with a sound only her sensitive ears could hear. She had a mission!”



“Most women are so artificial that they have no sense of Art. Most men are so natural that they have no sense of Beauty.”



“When it comes to being a demon, I’d say I’m a pretty solid five—a high seven on a good day. I’ve lied. I’ve cheated. I’ve picked a pocket or two. It’s not like we can all be harbingers of death or great Babylonic beasts. Ambitions like that got you noticed, and getting noticed got you dead. So, maybe I wasn’t that good a demon, but hey—I was alive.”



“he was made from excellent human dough”



“He pointed a finger at the sky.
'What?' said Robin, looking up into the blue haze.
'If you look carefully,' said Strike, 'you might just see an asteroid passing through the house of bollocks.”



“Buffalo Hump had one of those Comanche names - there were a large number of them - that the
prudish whites could not quite bring themselves to translate. His Nermernuh name, properly transliterated, was Po-cha-na-quar-hip, which meant “erection that won’t go down.” ...”



“Very slowly, like a mighty sequoia beginning the first step towards resurrection as a million Save The Trees leaflets...”



“Life happened to most people, but Myndil Plodostirr happened to everybody else.
Where other children had grown up with the usual complaints of niggling mothers, wholesome dinners, and work to be done after daily lessons, Myndil was the disposition to like everything and a capacity to like everone. His mother had died young, and though little was known of Myndil’s father, it was certain that he had one: someone had to bring him to the orphanage. All that was known of the Plodostirr parents was that one of them must have been good natured, and the other must have been very quiet, for Myndil had inherited all the friendliness and anxious curiosity from one side of the family, and had been passed over by all the tranquility of the other.”



“কতো কতো বই, এতো সময় কই!”



“I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare - or if not, it's some equally brainy bird - who says that it's always when a fellow is feeling particularly braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with the bit of lead piping.”

“Having a funny laugh is in most cases a consolation prize for not being funny.”

“I do desire we may be better strangers”

“... so if you like to vomit, try SICKOS. So good, you can't hold 'em down!”

“YOU SEE, YOU ARE HAVING A NEAR-DEATH EXPERIENCE, WHICH INESCAPABLY MEANS THAT I MUST HAVE A NEAR-VIMES EXPERIENCE. DON’T MIND ME. CARRY ON WITH WHATEVER YOU WERE DOING. I HAVE A BOOK. -Death”

“
Of course I need you. I have no experience in anything like this. None of us do.
Sometimes humans can’t help but let emotion bleed through into the feed. She was furious and frightened, not at me, at the people who would do this, kill like this, slaughter a whole survey team and leave the SecUnits to take the blame. She was struggling with her anger, though nothing showed on her face except calm concern. Through the feed I felt her steel herself.
You’re the only one here who won’t panic. The longer this situation goes on, the others . . . We have to stay together, use our heads.
That was absolutely true. And I could help, just by being the SecUnit. I was the one who was supposed to keep everybody safe.
I panic all the time, you just can’t see it,
I told her. I added the text signifier for “joke.”
She didn’t answer, but she looked down, smiling to herself.”




“Being sixteen is officially the worst thing I've ever been.”



“One such man, an islander named Drew, strode into a Launceston rooming house looking—and here Srinivas suddenly became awkward—for the services of a good woman. I nearly laughed: from all I’d heard, no one would seek a good woman in Launceston.”



“At the crisis of my fever, I besought Hollingsworth to let nobody else enter the room, but continually to make me sensible of his own presence… then he should be the witness how courageously I would encounter the worst. It still impresses me almost a matter of regret, that I did not die then, when I had tolerably made up my mind to do it”



“Her apartment is up on the second floor, and she pauses with her key in the lock. "It might be a little messy right now," she says apologetically. "I've been going though everything to pull donations."
"Is there a clear path?"
"Yes."
"Are there bugs?"
"No," she says more slowly, giving me a sideways stink-eye.
"Is anything growing?"
"No!"
"Then we're good."
"You have depressingly low standards," she sighs, and pushes the door open to flick on the entry light.”



“Cookies are awesome! And so are Rabbits!”



“Who are you going to believe? Leading authorities on medical science, or 800 memes on your cousin’s Facebook page?”

“Now you can safely reply and say that nothing in the Gregorian calendar can happen less frequently than once every four hundred years. JUST FOR FUN.”



“Let your books be your best friends.”

“Even when the data has made it into a database, it is not safe... which brings us, finally, to Microsoft Excel.”



“A German plans a month in advance what is bowel movements will be at Easter, and the British plan everything retrospect, so it always looks as though everything is good as intended. The French glad everything was to be going to be having a party, and the Spanish… Well, God knows.”



“When feasting on the flesh of your enemies, gentlefriends, always take the time to cook it first.”



“Well let me tell you, something Caveman. You are here on the account of one person. If it wasn't for that person, you wouldn't be here digging holes in the hot sun. You know who that person is?" said Mr. Pendanski.
"My no-good-dirty-rotten-pig-stealing-great-great-grandfather.”



“Don't be a fool, work for what will help you Here and Here After.”

“Ageing is human progress in its purest form.”



“As true as I’m drinking this porter if he was at his last gasp he’d try to downface you that dying was living.”



“In that case,' [he said,] 'you can probably do me a favour.'
I never, in my life, felt less inclined to confer a favour on any man.
'I am busy,' said I.”



“Her simple, careless, childish flow of spirits often made me sad. She seemed to me like a butterfly at play in a flickering bit of sunshine, and mistaking it for broad and eternal summer. We sometimes hold mirth to stricter accountability than sorrow; it must show good cause, or the echo of its laughter comes back drearily.”



“-And that makes it alright? Didn't God say, "Thou shalt not kill"?
-Yes, but after that it got complicated.”



“Of course I need you. I have no experience in anything like this. None of us do.” Sometimes humans can’t help but let emotion bleed through into the feed. She was furious and frightened, not at me, at the people who would do this, kill like this, slaughter a whole survey team and leave the SecUnits to take the blame. She was struggling with her anger, though nothing showed on her face except calm concern. Through the feed I felt her steel herself. “You’re the only one here who won’t panic. The longer this situation goes on, the others . . . We have to stay together, use our heads.”
That was absolutely true. And I could help, just by being the SecUnit. I was the one who was supposed to keep everybody safe. “I panic all the time, you just can’t see it,” I told her. I added the text signifier for “joke.”
She didn’t answer, but she looked down, smiling to herself.”



“
Of course I need you. I have no experience in anything like this. None of us do.
Sometimes humans can’t help but let emotion bleed through into the feed. She was furious and frightened, not at me, at the people who would do this, kill like this, slaughter a whole survey team and leave the SecUnits to take the blame. She was struggling with her anger, though nothing showed on her face except calm concern. Through the feed I felt her steel herself.
You’re the only one here who won’t panic. The longer this situation goes on, the others . . . We have to stay together, use our heads.
That was absolutely true. And I could help, just by being the SecUnit. I was the one who was supposed to keep everybody safe.
I panic all the time, you just can’t see it,
I told her. I added the text signifier for “joke.”
She didn’t answer, but she looked down, smiling to herself.”



“Digging through trash, really? That’s low, even for you Elliot,” I tease.”



“..einmal ein Reich-Abschied von 1577 den guten Frauen das körperliche Springen verbot..”



“He didn't want to die on Monday. It seemed common.”



“All right then."
He looks a little flummoxed, thought.
"Would it make you feel better if I protested so you could use all the arguments you clearly mustered?"
"Hush.”



“There was no subject too dark or too painful for her to tackle with humour.”



“The first draft is a story your telling yourself”



“The only competition any woman has is another woman.”

“Malgré deux cents ans de paix avec l’Angleterre, boire du thé était toujours considéré par les Américains comme un acte de haute trahison, à tel point que le palais refusait d’en servir. On n’y trouvait que du café, pourtant lui aussi importé.”



“I probably looked ruddy , like streetwise children do , in Charles Dickens novels. A tomato - with a beating heart.”



“My father having to give up a promising career as a musician, due to the slight inconvenience of being driven off a cliff.”

“You weeel meet a handsome stranger."
The Girls giggled and clapped their hands. I couldn't resist.
"He weeel be very wicked man," I interjected. My accent was even worse than Mal's. If any real Suli overheard me, I'd probably end up with a black eye. "You must run from theees man."
"Oh," the girls sighed in dissapointment.
"You must marry ugly man," I said. "Very fet." I held my arms out in front of me, indicating a giant belly. "He weeel make you heppy."
I heard Mal snort beneath his mask.
The girl sniffed. "I don't like this fortune," she said. "Let's go and try another one.”




“All that speech-making can bloat a man up. I've watched the process, many times now. It's those kinds of words, the kind they use in speeches. They have a fermenting effect on the brain. You can see it on television, during the political broadcasts - the words coming out of their mouths like bubbles of gas.”

“Sloanie Sloanie Macaroni”



“My ghosts won't associate with your ghosts - Matthias Helvar”

“The simple fact that he could, took the desire away, and the charm of it”



“When you demand the fantasy world to blow your mind, remember that the real world has teeth.”

“You don't even like getting dressed."
"Pajamas are clothes."
"For going out of the house?
"Well, no, but that's not about the clothing, that's about the people."
"Oh, my dear antisocial girl."
"I'm not antisocial; I'm anti-stupid."
"Same thing."
"How are you in Human Resources?"
"I lie well.”



“He gives me a sideways look, reassuringly curious. "Got something in mind?"
I pull the Shiloh Chapel postcard from my purse and hold it out for him. "I have a thing for windows. Or, more accurately, my sister had a thing for windows, and I have a thing for Chavi having a thing for windows."
"Convoluted much?”



“I want to be down in Rosemont before the sun rises."
His startled cursing follow me to the line.
When I get back with my hot chocolate and his nervous twitch in a cup, Archer's alone at the table. "Before dawn?" he asks sourly.
"Or as close to it as possible. Have you ever seen the sunrise through stained glass, Agent Archer?"
"No," he says morosely. "I'm okay with that not changing."
"But it's my birthday."
He signs and sips his coffee.”



“This is a terrible idea."
"There aren't terrible ideas," the Gray Man said. "Just ideas done terribly."
"That's also a psychologically unhealthy concept.”



“So many things matters more than money.”

“But the humorous look of children is perhaps the most endearing of all the bonds that hold the Cosmos together. Their top-heavy dignity is more touching than any humility; their solemnity gives us more hope for all things than a thousand carnivals of optimism; their large and lustrous eyes seem to hold all the stars in their astonishment; their fascinating absence of nose seems to give to us the most perfect hint of the humour that awaits us in the kingdom of heaven.”

“Фантазия европейца так портится с каждым веком, что в конце концов станет невозможным не быть бесконечно тонким, когда не понимаешь, о чём речь.”



“Umbes 1902. aastast kulges piki raudteed Kisumuni ka telegraafiliin või vähemalt oli seda nii kavatsetud. Postid seisid püsti ja isegi traadid olid paigas, aga ninasarvikud tavatsesid sensuaalses ja sadistlikus naudingus oma tohutut keret telegraafipostide vastu nühkida ja ükski endast lugupidav ei suutnud panna vastu kiusatusele traatidel rippuda. Sageli pidas kaelkirjakute kari otstarbekaks otse üle raudteerööbaste minna, kuid ei langenud eales nii madalale, et oleksid kummardunud õhku tõmmatud traatide ees, mis kuulutasid valge mehe õigust nende karjamaadele. Selletõttu jäid paljud Mombasast Kisumusse või vastupidises suunas liikuvad telegrammid saabumata, nende saladuslikud punktid ja kriipsud hangusid kuldsetesse traadivanikutesse, mis ühte või teist Aafrika pikimatest kaeltest ehtisid.”



“There is no magic like this moment.”

“At my daughter's elementary school musical, the printed program modestly explained: "This musical was originally written for 15 actors, but it has been adapted to accommodate our cast of 206.”



“I remember sitting at the back of the sanctuary, reviewing my notes for my very first seminary-intern sermon. It was to be a mighty word from God that would correct all the hypocrisy, greed, and faithlessness of the local church that was, nonetheless, supporting my education as they had supported that of so many others. As I mustered my courage to sock it to them, I overheard one woman lean across her walker and whisper loudly to her pew mate, 'Ah, our new intern is preaching. I see it's time for our annual scolding.”



“My, my, my,” Kelli called, picking her way through the lot on heels so high they brought her closer to Jesus.”



“For me, talking to strangers is something you do as a last resort: lost in an unfamiliar neighborhood, dead phone, broken leg, typhoon - and, really, only if these things happen all at once.
I know it's not only me who feels this way. During rush hour in cities, we all stand squashed on public transportation, essentially spooning, in total silence. Sure, I'll shove my face into your armpit, but talk to you? Never.”



“Believing in anything other than possibility was ludicrous.
Tenzin.
Found in Too Many Cooks.”

“Both metaphor and simile depend on our innate capacity for seeing correspondences. Such is an essential part of our ability to make sense of the world. Observing (perceiving) that ‘this resembles that’ (in abstract as well as visible ways) is an intellectual process central to the narratives we spin about our lives, about others, about natural processes, about any spiritual (religious) beliefs we might have. We use this intellectual process seriously in trying to explain things, and unselfconsciously in our everyday language. It is also an essential trait of humour.”



“Before you criticise someone, walk a mile in their shoes. If you still insist on criticising them, you’ll have mike head start and they’ll have no shoes.”

“Like a herald announcing the arrival of royalty, she let out what is easily the longest, loudest, and most musical fart I have ever heard.”



“[writing in his notebook]
'The statue sang, I could hear it distinctly though I failed to interpret the words of the song. It was all a hallucination of course. Otherwise nothing worth noting today'
[he moves on]”



“
(Gesture of incomprehension.)
”



“But nothing has ever been as new as the French Revolution, which was essentially a mob of new ideas armed with pitchforks and intent on murder.”



“Conversing with her in the early days had been like poking your finger in a bull-ants nest.”



“What did he say?"
"That we might as well just ask him which valuables we wanted from him next so he could plan for their absence," Maura said.”



“You've seen, like, movies. Of kisses, right? Your lips need to be, like, wanting to be kissed."
Blue touched her mouth. "What are they doing now?"
"Like, bracing themselves."
She pursed and unpursed her lips. She saw his point.
"So imagine one of those," Noah suggested.”



“Are you beating the meat? Flogging the bishop? Spanking the monkey?”

“I'm sorry about that. I thought you were going to die.'
'Hey, I'm usually about to die. Don't feel bad.”




“Jasper notes that Jesus's disciples were, essentially, hippies: long hair, gowns, stoner expressions, irregular employment, spiritual convictions, dubious sleeping arrangements and a guru.”



“It looked like every cartoon of a flying saucer Newt had ever seen.
As he stared over the top of his map, a door in the saucer slid aside with a satisfying whoosh, revealing a gleaming walkway which extended automatically down to the road. Brilliant blue light shone out, outlining three alien shapes. They walked down the ramp. At least, two of them walked. The one that looked like a pepper pot just skidded down it, and fell over at the bottom.
The other two ignored its frantic beeping and walked over to the car quite slowly, in the worldwide approved manner of policemen already compiling the charge sheet it their heads. The tallest one, a yellow toad dressed in kitchen foil, rapped on Newt's window. He wound it down. The thing was wearing the kind of mirror-finished sunglasses that Newt always thought of as Cool Hand Luke shades.
'Morning, sir or madam or neuter,' the thing said. 'This your planet, is it?'
The other alien, which was stubby and green, had wandered off into the woods by the side of the road. Out of the corner of his eye Newt saw it kick a tree, and then run a leaf through some complicated gadget on its belt. It didn't look very pleased.
'Well, yes. I suppose so.' he said.
The toad stared thoughtfully at the skyline.
'Had it long, have we, sir?' it said.
'Er. Not personally. I mean, as a species, about half a million years. I think.'
The alien exchanged glances with its colleague. 'Been letting the old acid rain build up, haven't we, sir?' it said. 'Been letting ourselves go a bit with the old hydrocarbons, perhaps?'
'I'm sorry.'
'Could you tell me your planet's albedo, sir?' said the the toad, still staring levelly at the horizon as though it was doing something interesting.
'Er. No.'
'Well, I'm sorry to have to tell you, sir, that your polar ice caps are below regulation size for a planet of this category, sir.'
'Oh, dear,' said Newt. He was wondering who he could tell about this, and realizing that there was absolutely no one who would believe him. [...]
The small alien walked past the car.
'CO2 level up 0.5 percent,' it rasped, giving him a meaningful look. 'You do know you could find yourself charged with being a dominant species while under the influence of impulse-driven consumerism, don't you?”



“Real love defies logic”



“Remember nothing of the sort! Built by faith indeed! That simply means the workmen weren't paid properly. And as for the frescoes, I see no truth in them. Look at that fat man in blue! He must weigh as much as I do, and he is shooting into the sky like an air- balloon.”



“Smiler, this damn tea so weak it nearly a fortnight!”



“I do not understand Greek very well," said the giant.
"Neither do I," said the philosophical mite.
"Why then," the Sirian retorted, "are you citing some man named Aristotle in the Greek?"
"Because," replied the savant, "one should always cite what one does not understand at all in the language one understands the least.”



“I liked to send their ashes in a box. Just my little way of saying "thanks for biting me and leaving me for dead, you asshole".
Sometimes I sent a note. Last time I sent a photocopy of my ass.”



“I would have been happier if he'd managed something like a wolf, or a bat, something traditional and in keeping with his new position.
I had to admit he was an adorable squirrel, though.”



“That warehouse was worse than even my apartment, though I'd lived in worse. I'd spent twenty years in a rotting shack by the seaside. A wonderful twenty years, actually. I'd hunted sharks. It was mildly suicidal, I admit it.”



“Fine." I shook my head. "Let's go squirrel hunting.”



“It one was unfamiliar with the vampire hunting habits, they could be forgiven for assuming the handsome young man in the suit with no shoes or socks climbing into a tree in the middle of winter was insane, or drunk. Cillian wasn't drunk, but I did wonder now and then about his sanity. This was one of those now and thens.”



“You'll want to keep him on a short leash. Lonely vampires are like wild dogs."
"He eats squirrels, is that normal?"
There was a long pause.”



“I suppose you only date Irishmen?"
"Before you... I had a typewriter and - one night stands."
"Don't feel bad, most of my relationships have ended in murder.”

“Omnis homo praeter Sortem currit, igitur Plato currit et sic de aliis a Sorte.”



“I never wear knickers on a Sunday.”



“You listen to me, Ren Hendricks. I’ve never seen you so much as blink in the direction of a girl before, so you can’t show up and say you’ve got a girlfriend and not give me details.” She pokes me in the stomach, and it makes me laugh. “Spill it, Sweet Potato, or I’m gonna pull out the big guns.”



“Berlatihlah untuk selalu memasang poker face agar terlihat profesional. Jangan biarkan orang menilaimu hanya dengan sekali pasang.”

“Mengapa kita begitu polos soal perasaan?
Keegoisan yang tidak bijaksana ini membuat kita enggan melangkah.
Pada akhirnya hanya bisa berkata "Semua hanyalah masalah waktu".”

“But soon after a devilish voice whispered in my head that I was not a kind person, I just came here to talk to him.”



“I did what politicians do all the time: smile and act like I’m answering the question but really just talk about whatever the hell I feel like talking about”



“Great, now the whole school knows I'm late. And Mrs Mumble has made me sound like I'm some kind of parcel.”



“Wisdom is easier when you fear God. Understanding comes when you shun all evil. God helps those who help themselves. I guess its just God's way of teaching you to stop being silly and just grow up”

“If you can learn to laugh again, so can you learn to live again.”



“Das Meer ist blau, der Himmel ist blau, und der Steuermann ist ganz grün im Gesicht.”



“Wagner's gods and heroes are exactly like human beings, on a grand scale: every human virtue and every human temptation is there. Tolkien leaves a good half of them out. No one in Middle Earth has any sexual relations at all. I think their children must be delivered by post.”



“The Human mind has a remarkable ability to heal. So have the trollish and dwarfish minds. Susan looked at them in frank amazement. They'd all seen a horse stand on the air. And now they had clearly pushed it somewhere in their memories and broken of the key in the lock”



“Neither of them noticed the pair of polka-dotted knickers hiding behind the ventilation duct overhead, listening patiently and recording everything.”



“She couldn’t possibly desire him that much. Yeah, and the sky is green with flying cows on it.”



“Stacy can choke on store-bought sugar cookies like the rest of us. Why's he even bringing them? They're dentists. They should be eating celery.”




“I love myself. I think that I am a very top-quality person.”



“They give you a colouring book and some crayons, and tell you, be creative...but don't go outside the lines.”

“Hello? Tonight I am going to the Restaurant, where I will eat a killed and burned-up bird and drink old purple grapes and also I will gulp clear water that used to have bugs and poop and poison in it but has been cleaned up so that it doesn’t make us blow chunks. Oh Joy I am going to the Restaurant and I am just drooling at the thought of the killed and burned bird and I want to sip the grape gunk and so I put skin-colored paint all over my face and I dab pasty red pigment on my lips and swish peachy powder on my cheeks and I take a pencil and draw an eye-shaped line around my eye so that people know where my blinkers are.”



“I stuff each breast into a cotton cup-bag, and the bags are sewn together as a pair of bags for boobs, and the pair of boob-bags is held on by straps because I guess this helps the boobs from not floating past the mountains and white puffs and into outer space?”



“Anyway... no worries about the bird: it's like my dear old mum always says: 'don't chase the quaffle if you see the snitch.'"
Reg frowned. "But that doesn't make sense."
"Sure it does."
"But... a chaser chases the quaffle. A seeker chases the snitch... they're two different positions... a chaser isn't even allowed to catch the snitch. He'd be disqualified!"
James opened his mouth to explain but decided against it. "That's true, Cat. Very true. I'll have to tell mum next time I see her."
"I'm surprised you didn't catch that—being a Quidditch Captain."
"You won't tell anyone, will you?"
Reginald promised that he wouldn't.”



“There are certain things that cannot be adequately explained to a virgin either by words or pictures.”



“Inside the cotton-cups my nipples press like bright coins against the boundaries of the bags because they want to be out and on a beach and not in bags, and they would gladly pay to be set free, but I can’t give any money toward freedom because my money is for the Restaurant tonight.”



“The dog’s butthole fell out while he was pooping and they got an operation to put it back in.”



“Hello, I am a woman here on this ancient ball that rotates with a collection of other balls around a bigger ball made up of lights and gasses that are science gasses, not farts. Don’t be immature.”



“Pepeni. Ia la pepeni! Pepeni verzi, pepeni galbeni. Pepeni avem!”

“True Loonies are as never as paranoid as that - we know everyone is really out to get us.”



“I don't want something that's good for headaches. I want something that's bad for headaches. And good for me.”

“It’s amazing how well you sleep when you’ve got a military-grade, high-velocity autocannon watching your flank.”



“John runs around and tells everyone that he met that guy from the thing that those people mentioned that one time”



“So everyone pigs out on Christ Crackers and Jesus Juice”



“Superman," she muttered. "I should have known you had magic in your genes."
"Why, yes, Mrs. Emerson, I do have magic in my jeans. I'd happily put on a magic show for you at any time. All you need to do is ask.”



“It’s only the envious that sit down while giving others a standing ovation.”

“Cape Town, so beautiful she was bored hearing about it and would never go just to spite it.”



“A woman's belief is her beautiful jewels of wisdom.”

“Elvis is making a comeback," I would explain, "he only has six feet to go".”



“... [A] single glance told him that here was somebody who was sitting on a pink cloud with a rainbow round his shoulder. Mr. Trout had not yet burst into song with a hey nonny nonny and a hotchacha, but when you said that you had said everything.”



“It certainly seemed as if, once Charles had mentioned them, the creatures were going to haunt me through the Lebanon, but there was after all nothing so very odd about it; one might say that in England it is possible to be haunted by poodles.”

“If you can identify humor in problems then you will have less difficulties in solving them... Most importantly, "you should be able to laugh at yourself".”

“We are all angels”

“Tempting fate, much? If I was Fate, lounging around in stately Fate Mansion drinking Fate Cola and eating a big bowl of Fate Crispies and I heard a dismissive Scots accent saying something like that, I’d be revving up the Fatemobile to teach said Mr Tartanjocks a lesson in humility.”



“We are common visitor of earth and our life is about 60 to 80 years.”

“We are Author because you are our readers.”

“He sat down by his table and began to think things out. He told himself he was not drunk at all, but that he had taken an unusual amount of whisky, which seemed to produce much the same effect as intoxication.”



“Which of these your body parts do you open the more for your lover/ spouse : heart or legs?”

“Tell Aunt Louise to boil her head," said Robin.”




“You worry about the life," Amber shoots back. "I'll handle the revenge.”



“Hans Christian Andersen:
We co-write them. I just don't do any of the writing. I change the bits I don't like and then erase all the rest from history. I'm more like a German theatre director. Or, y'know, a German generally.”



“I write it,
you read it,
we share the joy.”

“Comedians are the most ruthless critics in the world.”



“When you smile, your face is like the face of an angel.”

“Praying is like a lighted palace.”

“After a summer as jam-packed with incident as Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe, the fall and winter of 1967 passed with placid serenity on the island of Anguilla, as free from action as a Saul Bellow novel.”



“Noel slopped, sloshed, splashed and squished through the mud - oh, what fun it was.”



“She's never been an atom of good to that child since the day she she was born and, in her present mood, she'd cast a blight over a Bacchanalian orgy!”



“Faith is the flower of life.”

“Tiger, tiger, burning bright,
Smokers set your tail alight,
Now your Jungle (also burning),
Will be charcoal by the Morning ...”

“Couldn't even smile when George Farmer said he wanted to hear a spontaneous burst of applause after the next chorus.”



“It didn't seem fair that a guy should have such gorgeous eyes to go with such a gorgeous face and gorgeous lean body. But hell, put him on a stamp and I'd write a letter to everyone I knew just for the chance to lick him.... Did they even make lickable stamps anymore?”



“The one think i don't glean any information about is her husband, so I let my imagination go to town. I imagine he's called Hugo, works at an art college and specialises in multimedia (whatever that is). At the weekend he plays football and squash and is currently in training for the London Marathon. In addition to this he plays the saxophone, is younger than me, and permanently smells of cinnamon. Make no mistake, Hugo is a right tosser.”



“Depending on the kind of man he is, he zips down when he sees a woman. Depending on the kind of woman she is, she zips up when she sees a man. Is that what Americans call zip code?”

“The letter is in German; the university is under the impression Arthur Less is fluent in German, and Arthur Less's publisher, who recommended him, is also under this impression. So is Arthur Less. 'With God's happiness', he writes back, 'I accept the pedestal of power', and sends it off with a flush of pleasure.”



“No one could rival Arthur Less for his ability to exit a room while remaining inside it. He sat, and his mind immediately left me behind.”



“I tore my mouth from his. "Back off now," I said, fighting the urge to wriggle against the hard ridge jutting from underneath his jeans, "or I'm not responsible for my actions."
"If you can still put a sentence together, I'm doing something wrong," he said, yanking off his black T-shirt with one hand. "Maybe this'll help.”



“The one thing I don't glean any information about is her husband, so I let my imagination go to town. I imagine he's called Hugo, works at an art college and specialises in multimedia (whatever that is). At the weekend he plays football and squash and is currently in training for the London Marathon. In addition to this he plays the saxophone, is younger than me, and permanently smells of cinnamon. Make no mistake, Hugo is a right tosser.”



“The purity of joy is better than the pleasure of happiness.”

“Comedy connote confidence.”



“Hope is stronger than hardships.”

“Nihilists... F#$% me. I mean say what you will about the tenets of national socialism dude, at least it's an ethos”

“Hate hell.”

“Man is valuable like money.”

“I gaze out and see a woman with a psychotic stare repeatedly pressing the button on the door, like she’s frantically tapping out SOS in morse code. My stress levels shoot up. She presses harder and faster.”



“How do we begin to question the homeless for night crawling?”

“– Thinking’s worse than February.”



“And then that smile Leander had, something like a wolf after eating a fat peasant child.”



“When I say he’s not rude, what I really mean is he’s male and moneyed and got to that age where we allow him his chosen degree of rude as some sort of social entitlement, along with his bus pass.”




“But just as a vaccine company facing bankruptcy will ultimately survive not by making the world's greatest vaccine but, rather, the world's worst virus, so, too, did bodyguard and security firms need the world's most evil terrorists in order to prosper, not the greatest security experts. That was capitalism, Hanja understood how the world could curl around and bite its own tail like the uroboros serpent. And he knew how to translate that into business and extract the maximum revenue. There was no better business model than owning both the virus and the vaccine. With one hand you parceled out fear and instability, and with the other you guaranteed safety and peace. A business like that would never go under.”



“Oh for heaven's sake," Carol cut in, putting a plate on the table for Aiden. starting to collect everyone else's and dump them in the sink. "He's asexual, that's all. Let's just have it out there and deal with it."
"He's what" Jame's mind immediately went to protozoa. He had top assume that they were not saying that Aiden reproduced by splitting into two identical copies. "What does that mean?"
"She's saying that Aiden loves you, but he doesn't want to have sex with out, And not because he is broken, but because he's part of a set of people who just don't do sex.”



“You don't actually know enough about me to insult me properly.”



“The message was: disorder always won in the end. The idea that man could order the world to his own design was the most pitiful fairy tale ever told.”



“The humorous writer professes to awaken and direct your love, your pity, your kindness-your scorn for untruth, pretension, imposture-your tenderness for the weak, the poor, the oppressed, the unhappy. To the best of his means and ability he comments on all the ordinary actions and passions of life almost. He takes upon himself to be the week-day preacher, so to speak. Accordingly, as he finds, and speaks, and feels the truth best, we regard him, esteem him-sometimes love him. And, as his business is to mark other people's lives and peculiarities, we moralize upon his life when he is gone-and yesterday's preacher becomes the text for today's sermon.”

“Two tramps of supernatural exuberance called at the cottage shortly after breakfast to ask George, whom they had never even consulted about their marriages, to help support their wives and children.”



“Stay safe but sing.”

“Laughing is a gazillion times more likely than praying to leave you grateful to be alive.”

“..and Umétsu remembered that goblins were wont to assume feminine shapes after dark, in order to deceive and destroy men.”



“Most live the life whining, some live it weeping and few live it laughing.”



“Meeting her is something like coming across your favourite rock star, who happens to be your girlfriend’s father, while he’s holding a shotgun.”



“If you devoted your life to the contemplation of disaster, then wasn't an incident-free existence an empty one?”



“Awfulness can happen at any time. That's what's so awful.”



“For someone as amazing as you, attention is like food, and you’re always hungry.”



“All couples had little niggles they had to deal with. People who squeezed toothpaste tube in the middle, and people who were oddly obsessed with rubbing their groins together. It wasn't a big deal, not really, considering how lucky they were in every other way.”



“I am an open book but closed to the illiterate.”

“I have no money, not even the wooden disks they use for trade in Arasha. And my pack held the only items of any worth."
"That is why," Velran said, "You must invest in security."
"Do you realise that I understand less than half of what comes out of your mouth?" Raziel scowled at his companion, poking at the fire with unnecessary vehemence.”



“Men i Herrens sted plasserte han seg selv. Og det var den verste formen for læstadianisme, den kaldeste, den mest nådeløse. Læstadianismen uten Gud.”

“-- Ну-с, Глафира Семеновна, приехали в заграницу. Теперь следует нам свое образование доказывать. Сажайте иностранныя слова! Сажайте без всяких стеснениев. Жарьте во всю.
Молодая супруга, одетая тоже по последней моде, смутилась и покраснела.
-- А какая это земля? -- спросила она.
-- Знамо дело -- Неметчина. Немец всегда на границе стоитъ. Помимо немца ни в какую чужую землю не проедешь. Забирайте свою подушку-то. Мне три не протащить сквозь двери. А насчет саквояжей мы носильщика крикнем. Как носильщик-то на немецкий манер?
-- Я, Николай Иванович, не знаю. Нас этим словам в пансионе не обучали. Да и вообще я по-немецки очень плохо... Когда учитель-немец приходил, то у меня всегда зубы болели.
-- Как-же это так... А говорили, что обучались.
-- Я и обучалась, а только комнатныя слова знаю. Вот ежели что в комнате или с кем поздороваться и спросить о погоде...”

“... and I can see your vagina," snapped Nadya.
The stranger shrugged. "It's a nice one. I am not ashamed of it.”



“We ask of you, greater demon-"
Revenge, revenge, oh let it be some sweet, sweet revenge.
"-to fix the village bake-off."
He had to blink twice, then again for effect, "Excuse me?”



“Spock turns back to the small transponder in his hands, the one that is supposedly next to indestructible. It's currently in three pieces.
"Nice one," Jim drawls. "What happened?"
"Disruptor fire coupled with an impact of approximately nine hundred and eighty newtons caused the shatterproof casing to...shatter."
"How'd you get hit with something weighing one hundred kilograms? I don't remember seeing that." Jim is slightly awestruck. "And why aren't you, you know, crushed?"
"I was not struck by any external force," Spock explains, placing the inner components of the device carefully on the bordered workspace before him. "Vulcan physiology has a higher density than that of humans. It was my own mass that caused the damage to the transponder."
A slow grin spreads across Jim's face. "You fell on your transponder?"
"I did not fall," Spock shoots him a vaguely irritated look. "I believe I mentioned that armed Romulans were involved."
Jim smiles to himself, because the pissiness is Spock's way of relaxing the strict politeness between them. "Uh-huh."
"Pass the hydraulic aspirator.”

“She slept for eighteen hours, while Nately dashed about the apartment all the next morning shushing everybody in sight, and when she woke up she was deeply in love with him. In the last analysis, that was all it took to win her heart - a good night's sleep.”



“When did mediocrity and banality become a good image for your children?”

“Only a few know how to use fame to make real money.”

“Gaps. I loathe gaps. Gaps in doors, gaps in windows, gaps in bathroom tiles, long gaps between sequels to books. But you know which gaps I hate the most?”



“It hath please the devil drunkenness to give place the devil wrath; one unperfectness shows me another to make me frankly despise myself.”



“It hath please the devil drunkenness to give place to the devil wrath; one unperfectness shows me another to make me frankly despise myself.”



“I flung off in a passion, telling him that I would soon show him that I spoke truth. The bystanders openly declared against him, holding him for a lout, as indeed he was, and me for a man, as I had proved myself.”



“Don't bite the hand that feeds you - especially if you're dining alone.”

“Don't bite the hand that feeds you; especially if you're dining alone.”

“Either spit it out or swallow it don't chew on it all night”

“I was diagnosed with autism at the age of five. I wasn't diagnosed as a comedian until much later.”




“People who live in rubber houses should not throw stones either!”

“This is the Internet, the land of Chaos, Hatred, Suffering and Cats.”

“What would [James} do now? Would he think to Aiden was too much trouble for too little reward? Would the sex matter to him so much that he would discout everything else in favour of it? Aiden didn't want to think so, hoped that James would see that love was so much more than that. What was so great about sharing fluids that looked like snot anyway? What did love have to do with that? But he know by now that ninety-nine percent of the population would call that opinion world. The mathematics of the situation were not in his favour.”



“Secondary school was horrific. There was continued pressure to become an adult human, and we had never prepared for this, having planned to become an alien warrior princess before primary school was over.”



“... we in america must realise
that humour
is one of our strongest allies
... and I say
it is the duty of
the humour
of any given nation
in time of high crisis
to attack the catastrophe that faces it
in such a manner
as to cause the people
to laugh at it
in such a way
that
they do not die before they get killed.”

“Isn't that odd?' she continued as they wandered back from the front towards the shops again, 'When you see people in the shops choosing their clothes and shoes and stuff, they take ages - as though each thing they choose will be amazing and perfect. And then, look at them. They mostly look simply terrible - or just ordinary They might just as well have chosen their clothes out of a bran tub.”



“A Helping Paw has been placed as Finalist in the 2019 Foreword INDIES Book of the Year Awards”



“Brastias motioned to the trainer, who motioned to a huge bear of a man. A man Briec recognized from battles they’d been in together. This was no fellow trainee, but one of Annwyl’s favored warriors, whom she affectionately referred to as “Slaughter-Bear.”



“Don’t argue with me. I’m in a very bad mood because of you.”
“Who told you to steal a child’s pet?”
“Don’t make me cover your face with a pillow until you see my side of things.”
“Isn’t that called murder?”
“In some parts of the world.”



“He tried to warn me off you.”
“Me?” She couldn’t help but giggle. “Really?”
“Really. Your uncles and father are very protective of you. Briec threw me into a tree. One of those really old ones that never move. Your uncle Fearghus bit me.”
Izzy placed her hand on Celyn’s. “He…
bit
you?”
“Aye. He was on the floor and—”
“Why was he on the floor?”
“I don’t know.”
“Did you think to ask?”
“No.” He pointed at his leg. “Bastard nearly tore out me calf muscle.”



“Briec glanced at his kin. “Mother, our mortal enemy is here for tea and biscuits.”



“Yes, but I don’t understand all these rules you have in place. Who you can help, who you can’t, when, how…it’s endless. They’re all so complicated.”
“But they have their reasons. I and the other gods of war built these rules for gods and the creatures we gods create for one simple reason.”
“So that when the rules are broken, there’s war?”
The goddess stilled for a moment and then giggled. Giggled like a child. “Yes.” She bent over at the waist, her arms around her middle, the laughter becoming louder. “That is why! And it works every bloody time!”



“Climbing into the treehouse, I engaged him in light conversation and hunted for signs of creativity. All I found was a brass rubbing of his ego.”



“The play was made quite famous by a headline misprint in Variety reading OBSCENE PLAY ATTRACTS MASSIVE CROW.”



“Even the conspirators’ mistakes fed into the desired result. The term ‘rifle among Oswald’s possessions’ passed into the evidence and Report despite the fact that it was an order, not an evidentiary observation.”



“Like snowflakes, no two fistfights are the same.”



“He shoved her in the direction of his kin. “Now go, princess, before I’m forced to get—”
The crazed princess attached herself to his head and held on, cutting off his next words and making him sigh a little.
“What are you doing?”
“Obviously I'm beating you into submission!”
“Are you not the least bit embarrassed by this display?”
“Not as embarrassed as you’ll be when I’m done with you.”



“Ren asked, “Is it my imagination, little one, or is your family very ‘kill everything first, ask questions later and if we’re in the mood’ types?”
“Some might suggest that…you know, if their victims could speak with their heads lopped off and all.”



“And you enjoy what you do?”
“Quite a lot.”
“So then…you’re happy?”
She pursed her lips, hands wrapped around her cup of tea, her gaze on the ceiling.
Finally, Ragnar added, “Happy for a Northlander.”
“Oh! Oh, then yes. Quite happy.”



“With her hand on another She-dragon’s shoulder, Keita said, “Lord Vigholf, this is my cousin Aedammair.”
“My lady.”
“It’s ‘captain,’” the brown dragoness gruffly corrected. “You wanna dance then?”
“Well, actually—”
“Good.” The dragoness grabbed Vigholf’s surcoat and yanked the poor bastard out onto the dance floor.
Keita leaned her backside against the table, her palms pressed against the wood.
“And what exactly was that about?” Ragnar asked.
“He looked depressed. Aedammair will help him with that.”
“Tell me, princess, do you whore out all your relations to appease outsiders?”
“Only the cousins who tell me, ‘I’ll fuck that purple stallion over there. What’s his name?”



“Ragnar stared at his kin, his mouth slightly open.
“What’s that look for?” Vigholf asked. “You said to do it.”
“Even gave a suggestion,” Meinhard tossed in.
“I thought you two were joking. Have you both lost your bloody minds?”
“We were trying to be nice,” his brother argued.
“And when that crazed human monarch cuts off the rest of your hair, I don’t want to hear any more—”
“Who did it?” Annwyl demanded from behind him.
Ragnar faced her, “My lady—”
“Who? I want to know whose idea this was”—she held up the training mace, battle ax, warhammer, and shield, perfectly sized for a two-year-old girl with both human and dragon blood—“and I want to know now!”
Vigholf and Meinhard raised their hands, and the queen’s eyes filled with tears. “This is so sweet! Thank you. Thank you both!” She hugged them, arms going wide to reach around their chests.
That’s when Ragnar let Annwyl know, “It was I who suggested the shield.”



“I don’t know about you,” Keita said when Briec had to rush over to help Izzy separate her mum and the human queen of all the Southlands from a rousing yelling match and slap fight, “but I’m having a most entertaining night.”



“People who live in rubber houses should also not throw stones.”

“She set down her empty beer bottle on the coffee table. “If I’m going to stay here for any length of time, I have to be allowed to roam freely.”
“She wants to be a free-range human, prince,” Tucker translated.”



“He must have looked as radiant as he felt because Sara tilted her head and gave him the sort of look she normally reserved for baby bunnies.”



“People who live in rubber houses should not throw stones either.”

“Our seriousness prevents us from enjoying the circus of life.”

“It seems the rumours of our death have been greatly exaggerated.”




“He was already dragging himself up the boulders that lined the far side of the gorge. "You can explain why our illustrious Shu scientist looks like one of Wylan's school pals along the way.”



“It was a warm evening, and there was less silk and more fine cotton than at Savita's wedding. But the jewellery glittered just as gloriously. Meenakshi's little pear-earrings, Veena's navratan and Malati's emeralds glinted across the garden, whispering to each other the stories of their owners.”



“Halla rolled her eyes at him, licking bacon grease off her fingers. Sarkis’s gaze locked on her mouth, and it took her a moment to think why.
Oh. Uh. Licking my fingers. Yes. Men get very interested in that.
Should I try to flirt? Or am I supposed to lick something else? She was out of bacon and probably nobody found licking a tin cup sexy. Licking the wagon was right out.
Dammit, I’m bad at this.”



“If you’ll just sit and pet your cat - or somebody’s cat - find a cat, for God’s sake! Find a cat! Or anything furry - and let it train you into a frequency that will cause you to allow enlightenment.”

“—Five languages? I said before he left.
—Yeah. Five languages. And he can lie to himself in every one of them.”



“She just wanted to keep being best friends with Gansey for ever, and maybe one day have carnal knowledge of him. This seemed like a very sensible desire, and Blue, as someone who had sought to be sensible her entire life, was feeling pretty damn put out that this small thing was being denied her.”



“While it's possible that this happened because an enterprising hunter-gatherer ancestor of ours woke up one day and said 'I am going to make friends with a wolf and he will be a Very Good Boy,' it's more likely that dogs were (at the start, at least) basically self-domesticating.”



“Ankh-Morpork jest tak pełne życia, jak dojrzewający ser w upalny dzień, głośne jak klątwa w katedrze, jaskrawe jak plama oleju, barwne jak siniak i szumiące od działalności, interesów, ruchu i czystej, rozbuchanej aktywności niczym zdechły pies na kopcu termitów.”



“To describe the forests of the world as its 'lungs' does no harm, and it might do some good if it encourages people to preserve them. But the rhetoric of holistic harmony can degenerate into a kind of dotty, Prince Charles-style mysticism.”



“In 1921 a Wildfire's soap ad showed a crestfallen young woman, home alone after a disappointing evening out. She had "longed to be successful, gay, triumphant," the text sympathized. But without the help of the right soap, the woman was a social failure.”

“Clare lost her blowing rhythm and began growling, “Ow, ow, ow, ow, shit, shit, shit!” At the end of the contraction, she fell back against her pillow scowling. “That really hurts!”
“What did they tell you in class?” Margy said.
“That there would be discomfort. And that I should visualize my birth canal as a tunnel of golden light.”
The nurse pushed away from the rolling stool where she’d been giving Clare an internal examination. “Well! You weren’t kidding about those contractions. You’re already eight centimeters dilated.”
“Visualize your birth canal as an express elevator,” Margy said.”



“I narrow my eyes, clench my fists. "It's not charity," I snap. "He cares about me - and I care about him!"
Warner nods, unimpressed. "You should get a dog, love. I hear they share much the same qualities.”



“I AM THE LOUDEST TEAPOT”



“But Guidobaldo scoffed at his qualms
"Do you account my niece a peasant girl?" he asked. "Would you have her smirk and squirm at every piece of flattery you utter? So that she weds Your Highness what shall the rest signify?"
"I would that she loved me a little," complained Gian Maria foolishly.
Guidobaldo looked him over with an eye that smiled inscrutably, and it may have crossed his mind that this coarse white-faced Duke was too ambitious.”

“In a moment of mouse madness, I had clicked on a hi-tech outfit that apparently could breathe, sweat and possibly even do the running for me, or that’s what I expected for the price.”



“Have you started the menopause?’ Caitlyn asked. ‘Is this what it does? Makes you go a bit weird? Because, you know, the vouchers were only meant for fun things. Like having a facial or buying a new dress. I didn’t mean to cause all this trouble.”



“May the road rise up to meet you, so you don't have too far to fall when you pass out.”



“It is a revelation to compare the Don Quixote of Pierre Menard with that of Miguel de Cervantes. Cervantes, for example, wrote the following (Part I, Chapter IX):
...truth, whose mother is history, rival of time, depository of deeds, witness of the past, exemplar and adviser to the present, and the future's counselor.
This catalog of attributes, written in the seventeenth century, and written by the "ingenious layman" Miguel de Cervantes, is mere rhetorical praise of history. Menard, on the other hand, writes:
...truth, whose mother is history, rival of time, depository of deeds, witness of the past, exemplar and adviser to the present, and the future's counselor.
History, the mother of truth! - the idea is staggering. Menard, a contemporary of William James, defines history not as delving into reality but as the very font of reality. Historical truth, for Menard, is not "what happened"; it is what we believe happened. The final phrases - exemplar and adviser to the present, and the future's counselor - are brazenly pragmatic.”



“Latin, Arithmetic, Grammar, all were locked up for an hour in the dingy schoolroom. The teacher might be a noun if he wished, and a proper one at that, but they meant to enjoy themselves. As long as skating was as perfect as this, it made no difference whether Holland were on the North Pole or the Equator; and, as for Philosophy, how could they bother themselves about inertia and gravitation and such things, when it was as much as they could do to keep from getting knocked over in the commotion.”



“Any adult thinking of starting a professional career in any field in which some participants begin their development as small children should first get out a calculator and face the music”



“The soul is colourless just like water.”

“Revenge is a dish best served with sharp cutlery!”

“Fine." Sesëna folded her arms hotly. "If you want to die an arrogant turd, I'll leave you be."
Colton shook his head adamantly, "I won't die here."
"For a man on death row, you sound awfully sure of yourself”



“Buddy, when I work at night, if I look up at the sky, the suspect is going to escape.”



“Non solo un pittore della domenica, ma un essere umano della domenica.”



“E' morto per un brutto caso di ventesimo secolo.”



“Michelle, still drowsy and dreamlike from the night before, flaunted her hangover like a heavy, jewel encrusted crown.”



“We are almost always way more grateful to be alive, when we are laughing, than we occasionally are, when we are praying.”

“A rabbi had a conversation with the Lord about Heaven and Hell. “I will show you Hell,” said the Lord, and he led the rabbi into a room containing a large round table. The people sitting around the table were famished and desperate. In the middle of the table was an enormous pot of stew that smelled so delicious that the rabbi’s mouth watered. Each person around the table held a spoon with a very long handle. Although the long spoons just reached the pot, their handles were longer than the would-be diners’ arms: thus, unable to bring food to their lips, no one could eat. The rabbi saw that their suffering was terrible indeed.
“Now I will show you Heaven,” said the Lord, and they went into another room, exactly the same as the first. There was the same large round table, the same pot of stew. The people were equipped with the same long-handled spoons—but here everyone was well nourished and plump, laughing and talking. The rabbi could not understand. “It is simple, but it requires a certain skill,” said the Lord. “In this room, you see, they have learned to feed each other.”

“If,"said the Dowager, after a pregnant silence," I had ever dared to speak so to
my
grandmother, I should have been soundly whipped and confined to my bedchamber on bread-and-water for a sennight!"
The gravity vanished from Cressy's face. "no, would you, Ma'am? How
very
brave
your
parents must have been!”




“In the study she nodded to my husband, turned completely around once, and then remarked that we seemed to be making no practical use of the space in our house. “This room would be much larger,” she said, “if you took out all those books.”
Mrs. Ferrier thought the master bedroom should have faced west, and she barely put her head inside the smaller bedrooms. “They would be much larger,” I told her, “if we took out the beds.”
Mrs. Ferrier fixed me with her cold eye. “If you took out the beds where would you sleep?” she wanted to know, and I followed her meekly downstairs.”



“So you worked for the war industry but came to your senses!” [Margy Van Alstyne] darted a glance at her son. “What rank were you?”
“I was a captain when I resigned.” [Clare]
“Ha!” Margy Van Alstyne’s elbow caught Russ in the solar plexus. “She outranks you, son! Finally, a woman who can boss you around!”
“Every woman in my life bosses me around,” he muttered, rubbing his stomach.”



“Humor is next to Godliness.”



“We should keep at it. Swearing is a powerful instrument, socially and emotionally. If women and men want to communicate as equals, we need to be equals in the ways in which we are allowed to express ourselves. Sod social censure. Let us allow men to cry and women to swear: we need both means of expression. I like this observation from British-American anthropologist Ashley Montagu, writing in the 1960: 'If women wept less they would swear more... Today instead of swooning or breaking into tears, she will often swear and then do whatever is indicated. it is, in our view, a great advance upon the old style.'
Too fucking right.”



“I decided that I was going to fewer student parties after I ripped part of the sleeve out of my black dress helping a freshman climb a fence. By the end of the first semester, what I wanted to do most in the world was invite a few of my husband’s students over for tea and drop them down the well.”



“The Empress of Blandings was a pig who took things as they came. Her motto, like Horace’s, was nil admirari.”

“Oh, in my younger days I spent some time in Uberwald," said the Patrician. "In those days rich young men from Ankh-Morpork used to go on what we called the Grand Sneer, visiting far-flung countries and cities in order to see at first hand how inferior they were. Or so it seemed, at any rate.”



“Material possessions never adds to the person it merely subtracts.”

“Feast is for fun.”

“The woman beside him was shivering, her arms clasped around herself, her knees drawn up. “Sorry,” he said. “The heater in the old whore takes a long time to warm up.” A second after he spoke, he remembered he was talking to a priest. “Oh, Jesus,” he said, caught himself, then blurted out, “Christ!” at his own stupidity before he could help it. He hung his head, laughing and groaning at the same time.
“You! Swearing in front of a priest!” She pointed her finger at his chest. “Drop and gimme twenty!” He stared at her, not sure he was hearing right. She smiled slowly, her eyes half-closing. “Gotcha.”



“Can you tell me what happened, um...” What was he supposed to call her? “Mother?”
“I go by Reverend, Chief. Ms. is fine, too.”
“Oh. Sorry. I never met a woman priest before.”
“We’re just like the men priests, except we’re willing to pull over and ask directions.”



“How did you do that?' said Esk.
'Ah' said Granny, 'Wouldn't you like to know?'
'Yes. I would. That's why I asked, Granny,' said Esk, severely.”



“Russ told Harlene to patch Mark through to Clare’s if and when he turned up anything.
“I’d love to know how you managed to work Reverend Fergusson into this one,” Harlene said.
“Reverend Fergusson manages to work herself into these things all on her own,” he said. “She doesn’t need any pushing from me.”



“This third voice was rather more prim than the first two... All that separated this voice from chartered accountancy was a matter of time.”



“You gonna be okay with that idiot car of yours? ...”
“I’ve got AAA. They’ll be here. Eventually.”
...
“Well, if they don’t show, give the station a call and I’ll drive over and jump you.” There was a sort of strangled non-noise. “Jump your car. Jump-start it. The cruisers have incredible batteries.”
She started laughing. “Is that a Freudian slip, or are you just happy to see me?”



“I took all the overshoes and skates and football helmets out of the hall closet and put them into a carton and put the carton in the hall by the front door. I took all the things off the stairs and put them into another carton, which I stacked in the hall next to the first carton. I was wondering what to put in the third carton when I was interrupted by Jannie to say that Ninki had just had her kittens on one of the comfortable chairs in the study and that my husband was sitting in the other comfortable chair and wanted to know what to do.”



“It was brightly wrapped, and the card on it read, “To Daddy from Jannie.”
“It’s fine,” I said. “What is it?”
“Not so loud,” Jannie said, whispering. “It’s a potholder.”
“A potholder?”
“Yes, we learned how to make potholders in Starlight 4-H Club. And this is for Sally.”
“A potholder?”
“Yes, and this is for Laurie, and this is for Barry.”
“A potholder for Barry?”
“Yes, because in the mornings when his cereal’s too hot. Oh, golly.” Hastily she snatched the bottom package from the box and put it under her pillow. “You weren’t supposed to see that,” she said.
“I didn’t see it,” I told her. “I never even noticed it.”
“Good,” she said, “because that’s a secret, that one. I won’t even tell you who it’s for.”



“People snapping up gossip mags of celebrities snapping their heels at the snapping paparazzi, and snapping them up even more (the mags) when they start snapping at them for snapping them.”



“Golf.
The noble game of honour, equality and fair play. Unless, that is, we happen to be packing a few quid in our back pockets, behind the score-card, in which case we can just pull out our custom made precision driver, with adjustable perimeter weighting and heavy bias in our favour, and hoick for six* our unique, spherically-tiled, tetrahedral, catenary, aerody¬namic ball – plus any remaining notion of glory, parity and fairness.
See you on the green.
__________
*A cricketing term, usually referring to someone with fortune on their side, who’s not playing with a straight bat**.
**Another cricketing term.”



“The human body, and parts thereof, should be no more censored, pixelated or blurred, for an adult TV-watching public, than accepting as the norm, from birth, the obscenely vulgar and perverted showing of erect guns everywhere.
Sham! Bang! Fuck you Sam.”



“It absolutely stinks to have to pay to use public toilets, whether it’s for just a quick tinkle or for a more drawn-out doo-doo. Either way, it’s a shockingly foul business that makes millions from our blameless bladders, and where the only barriers to entry, it seems, are a couple of murky turn stiles, presumably soiled – for free – by non-coin collectors and fantastically ironic dogs. Next time we’ll remember to bring a bottle. And cork.”



“Laughter is wise, because it broadens our perspectives, but gratitude is wiser still, because it broadens our perspectives beyond ourselves.”

“Noah slouched in. In a wounded tone, he said, 'He threw me out the window!'
Ronan's voice sang out from behind his closed door: 'You're already dead!”



“I said a picnic,' said Quin sternly. 'In Britain a picnic means sitting on the ground and being uncomfortable, preferably in the rain.”



“Everything depended on Plan C, and there was one drawback to this: he had only ever planned as far as B.”

“JACK. We must get married at once. There is no time to be lost.
GWENDOLEN. Married, Mr. Worthing?
JACK. Well... surely. You know that I love you, and you let me to believe, Miss Fairfax, that you were not absolutely indifferent to me.
GWENDOLEN. I adore you. But you haven't proposed to me yet. Nothing has been said at all about marriage. The subject has not even been touched on.
JACK. Well... may I propose to you now?
GWENDOLEN. I think it would be an admirable opportunity. And to spare you any possible disappointment, Mr. Worthing, I think it only fair to tell you quite frankly beforehand that I am fully determined to accept you.”



“LADY BRACKNELL. I have always been of the opinion that a man who desires to be married should know either everything or nothing. Which do you know?
JACK. [After some hesitation.] I know nothing, Lady Bracknell.
LADY BRACKNELL. I am please to hear it. I do not approve of anything that tampers with natural ignorance. Ignorance is like a delicate exotic fruit; touch it and the bloom is gone. The whole theory of modern education is radically unsound. Fortunately in England, at any rate, education produces no effect whatsoever.”



“LADY BRACKNELL. I have always been of the opinion that a man who desires to be married should know either everything or nothing. Which do you know?
JACK. [After some hesitation.] I know nothing, Lady Bracknell.
LADY BRACKNELL. I am pleased to hear it. I do not approve of anything that tampers with natural ignorance. Ignorance is like a delicate exotic fruit; touch it and the bloom is gone. The whole theory of modern education is radically unsound. Fortunately in England, at any rate, education produces no effect whatsoever.”



“The thing I don't understand about the suicide person is the people who try to commit suicide, for some reason they don't die, and that's it. They stop trying. Why don't they just keep trying? What's changed? Is their life any better now? No. In fact. it's worse, because now they've found out here's one more thing you stink at. And that's why these people don't succeed in life to begin with. They give up too easy.
I say, pills don't work? Try a rope. Car won't start in the garage? Get a tune-up. There's nothing more rewarding than reaching a goal you've set for yourself.”




“But the health clubs are a little too strict.
What's with the high level of security? The picture IDs, the security guards, the people signing in and out... What is this, NORAD? I mean the people that
have
a membership go twice a year, who's breaking in? And what if they catch the person, what then? They run. That's aerobic, makes it even worse.”



“To freeze the moment
In seventeen syllables
Is very diffic
-
Haiku No. 1
”



“No, we do it for the money.
'And, because we above all must know the value of a human life, we do it for a great deal of money.
'There can be few cleaner motives, so shorn of all pretence.
'Nil mortifi, sine lucre. Remember. No killing without payment.'
He paused for a moment.
'And always give a receipt,' he added.”



“Your swag or mine?”



“There is nothing better for man to manage his own affairs.”

“Edith and Olive and me have talked it over and we want to go and make aeroplanes.”



“What is a university for if it isn't to tell you that everything you think you know is wrong?”



“He laughs. 'And then I was in between dreaming and waking up this morning, and I said to Ayda, "What have I got in common with a scarecrow?" She went, "What?" And I said, "I'm outstanding in my field.”



“Life is a sacred labour of love.”

“Christ is the center that holds all things together.”

“The brave lion boldly walks alone.”

“I take hold of the coffee mug, inhaling the fumes as though my life depends on it.”



“Parfitt laughed, a sound a bit like cats fighting in a bag.”



“In the same week he would harass an Under-Secretary about horses from the Army, write voluminously to the press about a gun he had invented for potting aeroplanes, give a fancy-dress ball which he forgot to attend, and get in the semi-final of the racquets championship.”



“Tommy sniffed the spring breeze like a supercilious stag.”

“They’re macarons, not macaroons, you imbecile! One ‘o’, not two.”



“The reality of the gospel is greater than reason.”

“The pillar of fire is prayerful faith.”

“In the bar, there was some disagreement over how the trouble had started, for all the newspapers seemed to tell them different things. Some of the customers maintained that it had begun with two rich Americans, Freddie and Fannie, others that it had started with two brothers called Lehman, still others that it was something to do with a city called Northern Rock.”



“A man's tales about God is good. But God's testimony is greater.”

“Shall I believe in a man. Yet doubt my Maker? No this ought not to be so.”

“Not again,” Daphne muttered angrily when she came in for dinner one night. “How can Muggles listen to such dribble?”
“It’s ‘Joy to the World,’” Justin responded importantly. “How can that possibly be dribble?”
She scoffed at him. “Evidence shows that your Harry Potter figure—“
Harry gagged at her phrasing and nearly choked on the pumpkin juice he was drinking.
“As I was saying,” Daphne began again, “your Harry Potter figure was most likely born in March. Your scholars say so.”
Justin rolled his eyes.
“The only reason that your Christmas was placed at the end of December was because of pre-existing pagan holidays celebrating the darkest time of the year, when the pagan god is reborn having died at Samhain. Your god’s death and resurrection had been told hundreds of times before that in all notable pagan religions. And you stole our date and our customs—including evergreen trees and mistletoe.”
“I don’t think I like Jesus being called a Harry Potter figure,” Harry murmured to himself, finding the entire conversation suddenly frightening.
“I can’t believe you just said that,” Justin said to Daphne, who pointedly ignored him.
“Why not?” she questioned Harry. “He somehow survived death to rise again when he shouldn’t have and was born to save the world. He clearly is a prefiguration of the entire prophecy situation we currently have. Who knows? In two thousand years there might be a religion surrounding you.”
Harry paled just at that horrifying thought, and was glad that Octavian celebrated Yule. After this Christmas, he would try never to think about those parallels ever again.
“What about angels visiting the shepherds?” Justin asked Daphne defensively. “Or the three kings? I bet you don’t have those!”
“You really think you came up with the kings?” Daphne laughed. “Don’t get me started on the three magical kings. They’re not even human!”



“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one last visit to the washroom. Thus all great ventures have unspoken beginnings.”

“But do we teach? As such?" "Of course, if no alternative presents itself," said the Dean. "We show 'em where the library is, give 'em a few chats and graduate the survivors.”



“The world took quite a hit. It is dreaming now. We're all like babies who were never born. All they ever know are dreams and darkness and then they're gone.”



“I had half a feeling that he might suddenly savage me in a bear hug under glass arcade. When he was disgruntled, you never knew how he would vent it.”



“The one thing with which you must not adorn [syllabub] is a bottled cherry. Bottled cherries are the quintessence of nastiness in whatever form they are served, tasting of mouth-wash and recalling the lipsticks of undesirable barmaids.”



“Words
what are really words ? Do you want to know what they have discovered in this world ?
Words from jean dominique MAZZONI on KOBO & FNAC.COM”



“This morning I, too, am in a hurry. The plumber who has reneged four times has promised that he will show up to fix the leak in our bathroom.
“Mother-promise, Madam,” he pronounced solemnly, when I phoned him last night. “God-promise.”
“Don’t say that,” I admonished. “If you don’t come tomorrow, your mother will die.”
I didn’t know then that his mother was already dead.”



“Second," Frank said, "I want to reassure you that I'm alive and well." He patted his chest as if to prove it. "My fate is no longer tied to a piece of wood, which is nice. And if you would all please forget that you saw me in my underwear, I'd appreaciate it."
That got some laughs. Who knew Frank could be funny on purpouse?”




“I’d be sixteen by now,” he said slowly.
"Oh, Magnus!” Ragnor wailed. “That’s disgusting! How could you? Have you lost your mind?”
“What?” Magnus asked again.
“We agreed eighteen was the cutoff age,” said Ragnor. “You, I, and Catarina made a vow.”
“A v— Oh, wait. You think I’m dating Raphael?” Magnus asked. “Raphael? That’s ridiculous. That’s—”
“That’s the most revolting idea I’ve ever heard.” Raphael’s voice rang out to the ceiling. Probably people in the street could hear him.
“That’s a little strong,” said Magnus. “And, frankly, hurtful.”
“And if I did wish to indulge in unnatural pursuits— and let me be clear, I certainly do not,” Raphael continued scornfully, “as if I would choose him. Him! He dresses like a maniac, acts like a fool, and makes worse jokes than the man people throw rotten eggs at outside the Dew Drop every Saturday.”
Ragnor began to laugh.
“Better men than you have begged for a chance to win all this,” Magnus muttered. “They have fought duels in my honor. One man fought a duel for my honor, but that was a little embarrassing since it is long gone.”
“Do you know he spends hours in the bathroom sometimes?” Raphael announced mercilessly. “He wastes actual magic on his hair. On his hair!”
“I love this kid,” said Ragnor.”



“Humor is a silent and polite dynamite which enables you to blow your own way of life sky-high every time you have had enough of it, yet with the maximum discretion and without making a mess.”



“The tide can turn any time.”

“Once at a time, certain things will become impossible, do your best now.”

“A television set in Florida refused to let itself be turned off; until its owners took an axe to it, it continued, on or off, presenting inferior music and stale movies and endless, maddening advertising, and even under the axe, with its last sigh, it died with the praises of a hair tonic on its lips.”



“Humanity comes from heaven.”

“This ungodly act is simply something that Finns do, like the British and their DIY, or the French and their adultery.”



“They go out, they drink a lot of beer and they eat dead pigs, and then they go home and have sex with strangers afterwards.”



“I read somewhere that a person had a one in fifty million chance of getting bitten by an alligator. With my luck, I'd be that one person. An alligator would wiggle its way through the sewers and water pipes all the way from the coast of Florida, through the Midwest, and then way out to the Phoenix desert to my house, slither up our plumbing and bite my ass. That was my brand of luck.”



“In the telling, I found humor in my adventures. By the time I was done describing my day, we were both roaring with laughter there by the side of the pool.
You had to laugh, if you wanted to survive.”



“Food! I say 'No, thank you' to many lovely things every day. Recently I admired the slim figure of a magazine editor. 'That’s your formula?' I asked her.
'I starve,' she sighed. 'I’m the hungriest woman in New York.”



“Alex doesn't have many friends.' The traitor who birthed me pleads my case.”



“All desirable qualities are, in essence, spiritual ideas. Beauty, purity, love, kindness, warmth, joy, humour, creativity, talent, power, intelligence, protection, and forthrightness are expressions of God manifest in the world. We appreciate every lovely quality that comes to us through the life of another but, ultimately, God is the source of all good, not another person. Our connection with others is primarily based on letting the inner spiritual beauty spring forth into life in the many and varied ways it will choose to do so. Our happiness, peace, safety, and individual development is protected and we find that all things will work together for good.”



“The noblest pleasure is praying.”

“Faith is a sure foundation.”

“Praying is a pleasant hobby.”

“Wishes are works.”

“Wants are wishes.”

“Угодья Шеверсов граничили с заповедником – можно было легко заблудиться и оказаться от дома далеко-далеко, так далеко, что безутешным родителям пришлось бы вызывать спасательную команду, а местным койотам – перечитывать пособие по выращиванию человеческого детёныша и «Книгу джунглей» Киплинга заодно.”



“In the land of light, there is love.”

“Everything is in excess.”

“Praying is a pleasurable paradise.”

“What the living have in common is life!”

“Prophetic poetry is like praying.”

“When in pain, prayer is said with painless effort.”

“The holy training is trials of time.”

“Fast to feast at the table of grace.”

“Faith is like a treasure hidden in a field.”

“Search no where else than within.”

“I know that in Faerie, children are rare and precious and all that, but in the mortal world, there’s such a thing as abortion,” Vivi says. “And even here, there are changelings.”
“And adoption,” Heather puts in. “It’s your decision. No one would judge you.”
“If they did, I could cut off their hands,” I volunteer.”




“Lola is a sociopath in a children's book and TV series, sister of Charlie, one of the great long-suffering brothers of literature.”



“We want to be just wonky enough to be interesting, but not so wonky that our life is unbearable or painful.”



“When you're going somewhere and a black cat crosses your path, always remember, she's also going somewhere.”

“Worked out regularly for months. Lost no weight.
Food poisoning for 3 days. Lost 4 kgs.
No place for hard work in this universe.”

“I am horribly poor—and very expensive. I must have a great deal of money.”



“এই তালতলারই আমার এক দার্শনিক বন্ধু একদিন বলেছিলেন যে, এমেটিন ইনজেকশন নিলে মানুষ নাকি হঠাৎ অত্যন্ত স্যাঁৎসেঁতে হয়ে যায়, ইংরিজীতে যাকে বলে 'মডলিন'- তখন নাকি পাশের বাড়ির বিড়াল মারা গেলে মানুষ বালিশে মাথা গুঁজে ফুঁপিয়ে ফুঁপিয়ে কাঁদে। বিদেশে যাওয়া আর এমেটিন ইনজেকশন নেওয়া প্রায় একই জিনিস।”



“Goth. Throbb. Murk. Who named these bats?”



“Before I go to bed, I clear a safe access path from the front door to the bedrooms. I'm not going to put everything away, because it will all be out again tomorrow, but this is my concession to good housekeeping: to make sure we can get out without breaking our necks if there's a fire.”



“It's your funeral. Which will happen sooner than it needs to, because I read that married people live longer than single people.'
'That's not true,' I reply. 'It just feels longer.”



“Discarding possessions in his wake, Tim just drifts along happily through life. My dad calls him deciduous, and Laura's take on it is that he keeps losing things because he feels he had lost his father.”



“I didn't father two wonderful healthy daughters in order to miss my show because I'm getting more naan from the kitchen, Laura.'
'Stop pretending to be sexist, Dad. No one's falling for it. We know you're just lazy.”



“Don't live your life in the dark just because you're too lazy to open your eyes”

“Boredom and dull tasks are a reminder that we could be doing something better with our time; they act as a contrast and incitement to fill our time more imaginatively. Boredom leads to daydreaming, and daydreaming can lead to creation. So throw away your smartphone and read a phonebook instead.”



“Arcana’s eyes went as big as saucers, Ally just gave everything away! What was she gonna do? Was there a train at this time? Arcana started to back away, if she got to the train station early, she could catch one home.”



“Du ser splinten i din nestes øye, men ikke bjelken i ditt eget.”



“FOOL, n. A person who pervades the domain of intellectual speculation and diffuses himself through the channels of moral activity. He is omnific, omniform, omnipercipient, omniscience, omnipotent. He it was who invented letters, printing, the railroad, the steamboat, the telegraph, the platitude and the circle of the sciences. He created patriotism and taught the nations war — founded theology, philosophy, law, medicine and Chicago. He established monarchical and republican government. He is from everlasting to everlasting — such as creation's dawn beheld he fooleth now. In the morning of time he sang upon primitive hills, and in the noonday of existence headed the procession of being. His grandmotherly hand was warmly tucked-in the set sun of civilization, and in the twilight he prepares Man's evening meal of milk-and-morality and turns down the covers of the universal grave. And after the rest of us shall have retired for the night of eternal oblivion he will sit up to write a history of human civilization.”



“Limmar Ponyets was completely a-lather when the call reached his receiver - which proves that the old bromide about telemessages and the bathtub holds true even in the dark, hard space of the Galactic Periphery.”



“Therapy is for people who need to talk about their problems so they can get better. I mean, honestly, most of the purebloods I know would
really
benefit from some professional help. They get so messed up, and then they never talk about it, until one day they wander off into the nearest forest, or go evil and try to kill everyone, or decide they’d be better off as monsters. Can you imagine how much easier everything would be if people made better choices? Or at least choices that involved less knives?”
—Raj to Helen in bonus novella, ‘Hope is Swift”



“Because I can’t just snap my fingers and take away distance for no good reason; the magic doesn’t work like that, and let’s all be grateful,” said the Luidaeg. “There have to be limits, even on the Firstborn. We can’t be gods. The world would shatter and turn to dust beneath our feet. ... And all the ones who
would
be gods are the ones who
shouldn’t
be gods. ...”



“Well, kiddo, since your lady knight wants to go hang out in the Undersea like a big asshole, you’re going to go with her.” The Luidaeg flashed a toothy smile. “Call it a learning experience. You’re going to learn why you need to get yourself a better knight if you want to live long enough to be High King.”
—The Luidaeg to Quentin re: rescue mission”



“I am really fucking good at knowing when things are dogs.”

“If you are unsuccessful, the common advice is to "just keep writing." That way, you will have many books under your belt.
However, to be noticed, you really have to loosen that belt and take those pants off.”

“However, a good laugh is a mighty good thing , and rather too scarce a good thing; the more's the pity. So, if any one man, in his own proper person, afford stuff for a good joke to anybody, let him not be backward, but let him cheerfully allow himself to spend and be spent in that way. And the man that has anything bountifully laughable about him, be sure there is more in that man than you perhaps think.”



“very early in Moderan the mighty Stronghold masters had solved for themselves the flesh-woman question, or, to be more precise, the wife-nuisance roadblock. And for that I honor them. I mean, my beamish hat is off to them, for that was QUITE a solving! We have no such problem, of course, in the essence times. If I don't like the beams of the woman I'm with, or if I like too much the beams of the woman I'm with and she won't reciprocate, I just signal back to the Love Dictator's office my discontent and he orders one of his little clerk mechanics to call the old beams home, and the Love Dictator then transmits me, personally, a new package.”



“I've come to realize that money has no intrinsic value, but it buys you the only thing that does, which is time. The greatest thing about wealth isn't the stuff it can buy you; the greatest thing is it lets you choose to only ever be where you want to be."
Steve McGregor (character in Athena's Mischief)”



“Air Force One is much better than any plane that anyone else has anywhere. You can start a nuclear war from Air Force One. That’s how great it is.”



“If, when I die, I come face to face with God, I will allow him to seek my forgiveness.”

“Exposure is nothing but a term used describe a piece of hope you give to someone you don't intend to pay, in exchange to a service rendered.”

“Without the Creator, there is no creation.”

“Sometimes the right thing to do... is the wrong thing.”




“THE CURIOUS THING was that Facebook and Twitter and Tumblr and Blogspot, a media platform owned by Google, were the stomping grounds of self-styled intellectual and social radicals. It was where they were talking. It was where, they believed, the conversation was shifting.
They were typing morality lectures into devices built by slaves on platforms of expression owned by the Patriarchy, and they were making money for the Patriarchy. Somehow this was destroying the Patriarchy.
So there is always hope.”



“He laughed until his ears were quite red!”



“After than, the Head’s friends saw that the Head was no use as a head, so they got her made an inspector to interfere with other Heads. And when they found she wasn’t much good even at that, they got her into Parliament where she lived happily ever after.”



“It just seemed so unmanly – just like his poetry. He’d rather fight the biggest guy in the club than submit to that much scrutiny.”



“At some distance down the corridor it seemed suddenly as if somebody started to beat on a bass drum.
He listened to it for a few seconds and realized that it was just his heart beating.
He listened for a few seconds more and realized that it wasn’t his heart beating, it was somebody down the corridor beating on a bass drum.”



“There are so many "tools for life" that you are going to hear about, every day. But obviously I tell my son what I believe in most of all. I always tell my son, "The wheels that are going to get you through daily life are two things: Humour and Wit. Add a cup of humour and a cup of wit to every hour of your life and these are the wheels that will keep you turning." Humour and Wit. Remember that.”

“Time, we know, is relative. You can travel light years through the stars and back, and if you do it at the speed of light then, when you return, you may have aged mere seconds while your twin brother or sister will have aged twenty, thirty, forty or however many years it is, depending on how far you travelled. This will come to you as a profound personal shock, particularly if you didn't know you had a twin brother or sister.”



“The only way to a wicked man’s heart is through surgery.”

“She opened the box and released the ghosts of a thousand odors. I sneezed, Joel sneezed. Izzy’s mother said, “God bless you.” I smiled. “Yes, He does. Thank you.”



“Pigs don't lay eggs”

“When you’re in love with a man you shouldn’t use mascara.”

“There was no window, and a framed print on the wall (a vase of roses, made using a computer by someone who was dead inside) was more offensive to the eye than a bare wall.”



“I'd recently finished reading a management tome which seemed to be aimed at psychopaths with no common sense (quite a dangerous combination).”



“She has decided to appear to nobody but the feckless.”



“I'm not really fussy. But I despise stretch denim.”



“Hiking is the only slightly less ugly stepsister of running.”



“He had a thick moustache, and his eyes peered out from his long, lank black greasy hair, like a light from a cinema screen before the drab velvet curtains had been fully withdrawn.”



“Like I said, so what?’
‘I think you’d like Miles Davis.’ Sunglasses laughed at the joke. Tatum didn’t get it, but she felt they were toying with her like cats pulling strands from a ball of wool.
‘Never fucking heard of him. Like I said, so what?”



“Jack was excellent at his job as long as he stuck to Mr Lemon’s instructions, ‘Always be nice to the customers, even if some of them are arrogant assholes.”



“Your family, the O’Neills, guns, IRA?’
‘No, Unionists.’
‘Fuck! You’re not even on the right side. If it weren’t so fucking dangerous, it’d be funny!”



“Superficial, ha! With me, what you see is what you get?’
Bill, looked up from his drink, ‘Now that is deep!”



“Examining the tangle of assorted wires and leads, there seemed to be every cable ever made, but none with the right combination.
Frustration brought him to the boil, as he yanked and tugged at this unyielding ball. He only succeeded in winding them into ever-tighter knots.”



“Prove it’s you.”
“I’m the one who stole all the peppermint brownies before the Midwinter Festival,” I said, without hesitation.
“Which year?” Ormond shot back.
“Uh, every year.”



“Esk glared down defiantly. Granny glared up sternly. Their wills clanged like cymbals and the air between them thickened. But Granny had spent a lifetime bending recalcitrant creatures to her bidding and, while Esk was a surprisingly strong opponent, it was obvious that she would give in before the end of the paragraph.”



“It's like a thousand ways to die with dark comedy and scenes that will make you blush. There also may be, cannibalism, dinosaurs, rat spiders, tar lizards and stone lions that hack up ice loogies. Welcome to Immortal Testing”



“Was I alive? I hoped so, but only because if this was the location of the afterlife, I'd be lodging an appeal immediately.”



“Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't out to get you.”



“If only one could follow one's dreams as easily as one follows others on Twitter and Instagram!”

“For those of you who do not want to bury the hatchet, have you thought about cremating it?”

“Niagara falls, Viagra rises.”

“Venice is a Dorian Gray city. Somewhere up there in the world's attic, there's another place with the haggard, poxed and ravaged face of unspeakable evil. And I suspect it's Cardiff.”




“Imagine This
Life is not a bowl of cherries
Ignore what's in the song
It's not a bowl of things at all
The song you see, is wrong
Think of it as rhubarb
And don't forget the custard
A mixture of the sharp and sweet
And a word to say when flustered.”



“Lambretta
It doesn't get much better
Though I'm trying to forget her
That girl on that Lambretta
Stole my heart.
But my feelings just got fonder
As she disappeared off yonder
But I couldn't get my Honda
Bike to start.
So I'll admit defeat
It's not partial, it's complete
'Cos I'll never get to meet
That work of art.
Now I've ceased to be a suitor
I imagine that'll suit her
An' I 'ope her rotten scooter
Falls apart.”



“Truth is, there’s no difference between your nethers and mine. Aside from the obvious, of course. But one doesn’t carry any more weight than the other. Why should what’s between my legs be considered any smarter or stupider, any worse or better?”



“I was never one for scenery myself, and as for air, a little went a long way with me.”

“Customer: This book has a couple of tears to some of the pages.
Me: Yes, unfortunately some of the older books haven’t had as much love as they should have done from previous owners.
Customer: So, will you lower the price? It says here it’s £20.
Me: I’m sorry but we take into account the condition of the books when we price them; if that book was in a better condition, it would be worth a lot more than £20.
Customer: Well, you can’t have taken this tear here into account *points to page* or this one here *points to another page* because my son did those two minutes ago.
Me: So, the book is now more damaged than it was before, because of your son?
Customer: Yes. Exactly. So will you lower the price?”



“The menu at the Hug Deli included, among other items, the Warm and Fuzzy Hug, the Beverly Hills Air Kiss Hug, and the Gangsta Hug, with side orders of Pinch, Tickle, and Back Scratch. She ordered the Long Uncomfortable Hug, because she thought that was funny, thereby prompting a nut-brown Venice Beach-looking dude to hold on to her, earnestly pokerfaced, for a seeming eternity.
"Are you uncomfortable yet?"
"Fairly, yes."
"Excellent. My work here is done."
She laughed and mounted on her bike, pedalling away from the zany mirage as her gratuitous hugger shouted "Namaste" in her direction.”



“Mr Goby turned over another leaf of his notebook and selected his confidante: he chose an electric radiator...”



“THIS YOU WILL READ, he said.
Cyril peered myopically at the 'Cock-A-Doodle-Do' in heavy gothic script. Somewhere in his tiny mad chicken mind a very distinct and chilly understanding formed that he'd better learn to read very, very quickly.”



“Newt stood beside me, a tiny sentinel of fur and teeth. I didn’t have much hope for his capabilities in a fight, but the gesture was heart-warming, if only I didn’t believe he was just waiting for one of us to fall down dead so he could feast on our eyeballs.”



“The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first
half being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and
pleasant, the second half still balmy and quite pleasant for those who
hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very nice
for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it
but your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know.”

“Let me give you a tip: if you’re ever the victim of a terrible crime—like, say, your kid goes missing—and you see the cops consulting with a couple of white trash–looking dipshits in their late twenties, it’s time to worry. It’s not because John and I are incompetent at what we do—and I assure you, we are—but because you need to start asking yourself a very hard question. Not “Will I get my child back?” but “Do I want to get my child back?”



“Woodhouse's father entered the room violently and without its consent. The rats scurried away from his work boots, and his flat cap was imbued with tweedy malevolence. His moustache bristled with ill intent and the only thing great about his coat was the quantity of fear that it inspired.”

“Serial killers don't kill their girlfriends.”

“Someone asked me if I suffered from Insanity.
I replied, no, I enjoy it.”



“Bastard was a term of affection between us, as it usually is in the sub-continent between men who share a Catholic missionary-school education.”



“Bored of GoodReads Books
Of course BadRead books can change a life”

“Of course, only Americans can name a shop In-n-Out Burger without collapsing into a heap of dirty sniggers. You know the difference between them and us? To us, a double entendre means only one thing; to them, it means absolutely nothing.”



“The millions and millions of corpses, the wasted lives that communism left behind as testament to its main accomplishment, were enough to give any sane believer pause. There were some true believers left, like the British historian Eric Hobsbawm, but the world generally reacted to them with the incredulity deserved for a person standing on top of a pile of corpses promising that with just a few more deaths he could make the whole thing right.”



“When killer whales travel in groups they breathe in unison.
That's what my wife and I do.
My little killer whale...She has never really. Cared for that.”



“Do you have any old copies of Dickens?
Bookseller: We've got a copy of David Copperfield from 1850 for $150.
Customer: Why is it so expensive if it's that old?”



“I know that humour can take on anything.”



“— Bazi nagy ez a hely – közölte velük Frank. – A romok a folyótól egészen a hegy lábáig nyúlnak, ami kábé fél kilométer.
— Mennyi is az normál mértékegységben mérve? – érdeklődött Percy.
— Ez a normál mértékegység – forgatta a szemét Frank. – Kanadában és a világ többi rszén is. Csak az amerikaiak...
— Öt-hat focipályányi terület – vágott közbe Hazel, aki egy nagy aranyröggel etette Ariont.
— Erre voltam kíváncsi – tárta szét a kezét Percy.”



“Something a bit less brown this time, please?
All this talk of dung, you see, has rather put me off the Kahlua...”



“But the smell could just as easily have been coming from the old lady who was busy beating flies away from the pile of bodies. It was a hopeless task because each of the flies was about the size of a winged bottle top and all she had was a table tennis bat. Also she seemed half blind. Every now and then, by chance, her wild thrashing would connect with one of the flies with a richly satisfying thunk, and the fly would hurtle through the air and smack itself open against the rock face a few yards from the entrance to her cave.
She gave every impression, by her demeanour, that these were the
moments she lived for.”



“She could slip into the storeroom from there for the belated alone.”

“In other words, she reflected, they hadn’t known the hardship or the happiness of true conjugal life. But if only they’d been aware that they were lovers, and not husband and wife, and lived out their relationship as it really was, their experience might have been totally different. True, they might have been ostracized, and they would have lost their easy tranquillity — but they might also have felt a keener, more intense kind of joy.”



“This episode was brought to you by a letter from Satan, a shitload of numbers, and the popular phrase, Overly Dramatic Fantasy Revenge Sequence.”



“I must confess I get lost with all these shades of grey.”



“My eyes must spend at least fifty per cent of any given day rolled to the back of my head.”




“She tried not to think in capital letters. It was a bad habit. If you weren’t careful, pretty soon you’d find yourself Going to the Store to Buy a Carton of Milk—or worse, speaking German.”



“Hunger is a funny thing. It has a kind of intelligence of it's own.”



“Why are people always complaining about the dead period between Christmas and the New Year? It’s complete bliss.”



“CAN YOU TURN THAT OFF, GRANDMA?’ I shouted down. ‘YOU KNOW I AM STRUGGLING.’
There was a long pause.
‘Who yuh tink yuh talking to?’ my grandmother shouted back. ‘Yuh tink say you can be DJ inna my house cause of a man?”



“Oh, you didn't want to hear that? I'm sorry. You'll just have to forget that I wrote it. There are several convenient ways to do that. I hear hitting yourself on the head with a blunt object can be very effective. You should try using one of Brandon Sanderson's fantasy novels. They're big enough, and goodness knows, that's really the only useful thing to do with them.”



“Oh, beans.”



“Husband-wife relation is like a titanic watch, looks for the exact time to drown you”

“I was all fireworks emoji, love hearts emoji, two boys holding hands emoji.”



“I'm in the soup!”



“How do you mend the promises you break – stitching, gumming, welding, nailing, stapling?”

“Whenever your mum advises you, keep mum.”

“How do you catch your fun – with net or fishing hooks?”

“I do not care what people say about me as long as they speak ill of me when I'm ill, and speak well of me when I'm well.”

“When chasing shadows, what do you pray for the more – speed or stamina?”

“Facebook: Helping you acknowledge the existence of people you had been successfully ignoring for years.”

“Are you provoking your sister again, Flavia," Father asked, looking up from his journal, but leaving a forefinger on the page to mark his place.
"I was trying to discuss current events," I said. "But she doesn't seem much interested."
"Ah," Father said, and went back to reading about plate flaws in the 1840 tuppenny blue.”



“The biology teacher had assured the class just the other day that parents were an absolute necessity, but you had to wonder. Was sex the only way nature could devise to bring the higher orders' next generation into the world?”



“Mankind has an infinite capacity for self-deception.”

“Mark sighed to himself as he walked home. The afternoon was unexpectedly warm, the sky deep blue and cloudless. You figure her out, he told himself. You're the expert. Mark Carney, girl expert. Everyone should ask me for advice. I know everything about girls, except how to get along with them, how to get along without them, and how to understand them. And I can't even worry about Marcy right now because I've got a date with Janine.”



“If I like you, you are lucky to have my forgiveness. But if I don’t, the possibilities are endless…”

“Your weakness slit your own throat.”

“Talk to my corpse, I’m already dead.”

“Ben Hall was one of those lucky men who are blessed with a true nemesis: most of us never acquire a real singular lifelong enemy, and our lives tend to lack satisfactory focus as a result.”



“You’re looking at me, chair,’ he said. ‘You don’t want me to sit on you, eh, because I fell in mud, isn’t that correct?’
The chair said nothing.”

“That’s a nice car you’ve got outside,” he remarked.
“1979 Ford Thunderbird lowrider. It used to belong to Ice-T. I like my cars like my breasts,” Betty replied. “Low slung.”



“You aren’t married married until three days into a discussion about if getting a toaster oven would be worth sacrificing the counter space.”

“Beer: Aurdwynn's favourite source of sterile, portable calories.”



“She looked particularly beautiful today and without warning his heart became entangled in her hair and he fell into her sad grey eyes and floundered there, drowning happily.”



“During the Stone Age––”
“Age of Magic,” Masika snapped. “It was less than 3000 years ago, not 8000 years ago.”
Despite everything, Farida cracked a little smile. “The Age of Magic is the Age of Magic Stones, so it’s the Stone Age.”



“He was silent. Well! Now she knew how right she had been. He was not in the least in love with her, and very happy she was to know it, All she wanted was a suitable retreat, such as a lumber-room, or a coal-cellar, in which to enjoy her happiness to the full.”




“But the truth is, there is no way to make cleaning sound sexy - unless you are cleaning a sports car, in a bikini.”



“Every one of us is like the pieces of a puzzle. Each one unique and with our own special place where only we can fit, and without every one of us, the picture wouldn’t be complete.”



“Humour is healthy for humans.”



“Watching Siri and Dtui 'run' to the administration block would have saddened even the most benevolent of athletic coaches”



“It is the fate of all great tourist spots to become terrible tourist spots because as soon as everyone finds out they’re great tourist spots, they fill up with tourists.”



“Perhaps a sense of death is like a sense of humour. We all think the one we've got - or haven't got - is just about right, and appropriate to the proper understanding of life. It's everyone else who's out of step.”



“Aș da mult să știu, cititorule, cît timp pot lăsa o eroină să plutească în aer, pînă să-mi lași dumneata cartea din mînă, obosit de descrierea unui castel și să nu mai aștepți ca persoana să ajungă la sol. Dacă, în povestirea mea aș avea nevoie de o asemenea săritură în aer, din precauție aș alege … etajul întîi ca punct de pornire al săriturii și un castel despre care să nu fie prea multe de spus.”



“I firmly disagree with anyone who says humans are the most advanced, or the most intelligent species on the planet. In fact, only three animals have ever threatened to kill me: humans, their dogs, and a particularly aggressive species of house spider.”



“Noc była czarna jak sumienie faszysty, jak zamiary polskiego pana, jak polityka angielskiego ministra”



“In a nobler age one could have answered such impertinence by jostling his lordship as he stood holding open the door, so that he would have been obliged to demand a meeting. Or did one, even in that age, refrain from jostling people in doorways when a lady was present?”



“They should have killed for water, the men and women of the CWD chawls. People have been known to kill for less: religion; language; the flag; the colour of a person's skin or his caste; breaking the queue at a petrol pump.”



“Facebook is one of the most widely read books in the world today, yet you can’t find it in any bookshop or library. You can’t borrow or lend it. It has no beginning or end. It’s neither fiction nor non-fiction. It’s not divided into chapters. The pages are not numbered. It’s neither revised nor reprinted. It has no spine. And it doesn’t have an ISBN. A truly unique and fascinating book!”

“It really doesn’t matter how many secret fighting arts you learn; they just don’t teach you how to fight squirrel cats in assassin school.”

“Make sure you talk to your kids about drugs. They might be overpaying.”

“CHRISTMAS EVE: There’s a fire blazing in the fireplace, food enough for five thousand, and a new TV as big as Wyoming tuned to a football game no one cares about.”



“Your greatest enemy is he that say's nothing when they know you can help, but go on to do without. Just as he that can help, but does nothing in time of dire need.”

“Adventavit asinus, polcher et fortissimus”

“Pourtant, en dépit de la cohérence historique, Mirella se sentit rougissante et gênée.”



“If you're not catching fun, cast a new net.”

“Crying was something it had only seen humans do in dramas, and in dramas they did it much more prettily, at dramatic moments, with swelling music in the background. Instead, the girl was getting mucus on her sleeve, and Hemiola didn’t understand the context, and it doubted she would appreciate it providing swelling music on her behalf.”



“Like he was trying to make it the Four Seasons of kidnapping situations.”



“— Écrivez tout de suite.
— Tout de suite ! Tout de suite ! Comme si je n’avais pas d’affaires plus importantes à régler ! Et puis regarde, il n’y a plus d’encre là-dedans dit Oblomov, tournant sa plume sèche dans l’encrier vide. Alors, comment veux-tu que j’écrive ? […] Il semble bien qu’il n’y ait même pas de papier ! se dit-il, fouillant dans le tiroir et tâtant des objets posés sur la table. Non décidément, il n’y en a pas. Ah, c’est parfait, parfait !”

“Karate Jesus: Karate Jesus. So, if God created the universe, and Jesus is a part of God, and Karate is part of the universe, then Jesus invented Karate! It’s Karate Jesus bruh!”

“Karate Jesus: Karate Jesus. So, if God created the universe, and Jesus is a part of God, and Karate is part of the universe, then Jesus invented Karate! It’s Karate Jesus bruh!”

“When it’s time to stay, obey your heart. When it’s time to go, obey your legs.”

“After praying for those who have no food, pray for those who have food but have no appetite.”

“Finally, my cluelessness comes in handy.”

“Good people are hard to come by. They’re as scarce as the PART II of any movie yet to be released.”

“FEE, FI-- Magnus begins. Oh wait, I already said that, he adds.”



“Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker’s man . . .” Evie chanted as she played with Stephen in the Challons’ private railway carriage. They occupied one side of a deep upholstered settee, with Sebastian lounging in the other corner. The baby clapped his tiny hands along with his grandmother, his rapt gaze fastened on her face. “Make me a cake as fast as you can . . .”
The nursery rhyme concluded, and Evie cheerfully began again. “Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake—”
“My sweet,” Sebastian interrupted, “we’ve been involved in the manufacture of cakes ever since we set foot on the train. For my sanity, I beg you to choose another game.”
“Stephen,” Evie asked her grandson, “do you want to play peekaboo?”
“No,” came the baby’s grave answer.
“Do you want to play ‘beckoning the chickens?’”
“No.”
Evie’s impish gaze flickered to her husband before she asked the child, “Do you want to play horsie with Gramps?”
“Yes!”
Sebastian grinned ruefully and reached for the boy. “I knew I should have kept quiet.” He sat Stephen on his knee and began to bounce him, making him squeal with delight.”




“What do you think of Lord St. Vincent?” Pandora asked eagerly.
West’s gaze moved to a man who appeared to be a younger version of his sire, with bronze-gold hair that gleamed like new-minted coins. Princely handsome. A cross between Adonis and the Royal Coronation Coach.
With deliberate casualness, West said, “He’s not as tall as I expected.”
Pandora looked affronted. “He’s every bit as tall as you!”
“I’ll eat my hat if he’s an inch over four foot seven.” West clicked his tongue in a few disapproving tsk-tsks. “And still in short trousers.”
Half annoyed, half amused, Pandora gave him a little shove. “That’s his younger brother Ivo, who is eleven. The one next to him is my fiancé.”
“Aah. Well, I can see why you’d want to marry that one.”



“I'd eat your face like a pack of jackals eating their stolen spoils.”



“You like the gentleman, then?" said Muna.
"I don't dislike him," said Henrietta unpromisingly.
[...]
"I don't dislike cabbage," Muna found herself saying, "but I should not consider marrying it.
Not
disliking seems a poor foundation for future happiness.”



“Humour, if one looks into it, is principally a matter of retrospect.”



“Phoebe had recounted some injustice done to her by a playmate, saying she wouldn’t accept the girl’s apology, Evie had persuaded her to reconsider for the sake of kindness.
“But she’s a bad, selfish girl,” Phoebe had said indignantly.
Her mother’s reply was gentle but matter-of-fact. “Kindness counts the most when it’s given to people who don’t deserve it.”
“Does Gabriel have to be kind to everyone too?” Phoebe had demanded.
“Yes, darling.”
“Does Father?”
“No, Redbird,” Sebastian had replied, his mouth twitching at the corners. “That’s why I married your mother—she’s kind enough for two people.”
“Mother,” Gabriel had asked hopefully, “could you be kind enough for three people?”
At that, their father had taken a sudden intense interest in his newspaper, lifting it in front of his face. A quiet wheeze emerged from behind it.
“I’m afraid not, dear,” Evie had said gently, her eyes sparkling. “But I’m sure you and your sister can find a great deal of kindness in your own hearts.”



“Hello?" M-Bot said. "Spensa? Are you dead?" "Maybe." "Oooh. Like the cat!”



“Yes, and that puts me in mind of another thing I have to say to you! Why the devil don't you take better care of Nell? Did you get her out of a silly scrape? No, you didn't!
I
did! All you did was put it into her head you thought she had only married you for your fortune, when anyone but a gudgeon must have known she's too big a pea-goose to have enough sense to do anything of the kind!”



“A man who would contract the mumps,’ declared Cecilia, ‘would do anything!’ Lady Ombersley saw nothing unreasonable in this pronouncement, nor was she surprised that his lordship’s unromantic behaviour had given Cecilia a distaste for him.”



“I can tell you that if there’s nothing wrong with you except fat it is easy to get thin. You eat and drink the same as always, only half. If you are handed a plate of food, leave half; if you have to help yourself, take half. After a while, if you are a perfectionist, you can consume half of that again … On the question of will-power, if that is a factor, you should think of will-power as something that never exists in the present tense, only in the future and the past. At one moment you have decided to do or refrain from an action and the next moment you have already done or refrained; it is the only way to deal with will-power.”



“Blazepaw tipped his head. 'Perhaps the sun is shining in ThunderClan territory.'
Strikestone curled his lip. 'The sun always shines on ThunderClan,' he mewed sarcastically.”



“I pretend I'm not afraid all the time,' he said.
'We have a name for that ... we call that courage.”



“Actually, we shot it over two days and the ghost of Danny DeVito was devastatingly present the whole time.”



“No matter who you are or what you do, not everyone in the world will like you. It could be for the most irrational reason and there's nothing you can do to change that. So if you're seen as an ass, it's ok;) Because Jesus rode on the back of one.”

“Tony went upstairs with an expressionless face, undressed, folded his clothes neatly, washed his face and hands, and got into bed. He was full of resentment against the world. People made one dive when one could really dive quite well if one had a proper diving board. If one killed a wasp people seemed to be annoyed instead of being grateful. People didn't even want one to bark like a dog, he thought, remembering earlier grievances. Girls were simply a nuisance and he was glad he had burst Dora's pig. People who said "nyang, nyang" like that deserved to have their pigs burst.”



“As soon as I entered the room, he cried out, without any other greeting: "You've gotten very fat!" It was his way of disarming, I thought, any horror I might have felt at his own pudding-like rotundity, which had trebled since I had seen him last.”



“Had she, like a good therapist, helped me reach back in time to turn the dial on the locked safe of who I am? I had spent many hours with counsellors trying to remember, or to guess, or to chance upon or to deduce, the combination that would make it click and the door swing open.”



“Materialism is the KFC of the soul”



“The tailor who has just had his cut fingers stitched by the surgeon has gone back to his workshop with the surgeon’s torn lab coat to stitch it. Is that strange? Oh, no! Both men are experts on stitching.”

“If you want to scare your enemies make more friends. If you want to scare your friends, make more enemies.”

“It’s a material world indeed. That’s why people find it a lot easier to make up their faces than their minds.”

“Those who sleep before darkness and those who wake before dawn are mere citizens of a restless society.”

“Marriages fail because they are either taken too seriously or taken for granted. They should be taken rather like coffee – not too cold and not too hot. If too bitter, should be sweetened a little with sugar. If too dark, should be lightened a little with milk.”

“A great family consists of a father who is a hard nut to crack, a mother who is a hard nut to chew and children who are hard nuts to swallow.”

“A man's job is to make sure that the kid has at least one known face around when the wife has just washed the makeup.”

“It was as if his face had washed up on his head, like a tide, and left its mark, and then some artistic boy had come along to the same beach with a little paint.”



“...his hair was a production, of nature and art: it was as if his face had washed up on his head, like a tide, and left its mark, and then some artistic boy had come along to the same beach with a little paint.”



“Miss O'Hara - I must tell you something. I - I love you!'
'Um?' said Scarlett absently.”



“Wish it,
Plan it,
Do it.”

“Anyway, I’m a bit worried about the screw. It was invented to move water along, not move along on water.’
‘You mean it’s confused?’ said Simony.
‘Screwed up,’ said Didactylos happily.”



“With the aid of the baluster-rail and Mr Goring's stalwart arm she arrived, panting but triumphant, on the first floor, and paused to take breath. Observing that Lybster was about to throw open the door into the drawing room she stopped him by the simple expedient of grasping his sleeve. Affronted, he gazed at her with much hauteur, and said in freezing accents: "Madam?"
"Looby!" enunciated Mrs Floore, between gasps. "You wait! Trying to push me in - like a landed salmon!”




“you and your secrets.'
'Secrets keep my hair lustrous,' said Severin, running his hand through his curls.”



“Now kneel, fools, and witness my ascension to GODHOOD!”
– Last words of Dread Empress Sinistra IV, the Erroneous”



“Oh!” Pattern said suddenly, bursting up from the bowl to hover in the air. “You were talking about mating! I’m to make sure you don’t accidentally mate, as mating is forbidden by human society until you have first performed appropriate rituals! Yes, yes. Mmmm. Dictates of custom require following certain patterns before you copulate. I’ve been studying this!”



“Note: orc buoyancy is limited. Avoid fighting the damnable rebels near shoddily-built dams in the future.”
– Extract from the journal of Dread Emperor Malignant II”



“Fascination exists only in the imagination of the fascinated.”



“Dad climbs down from the table and sits on his cart. “Olmo, men don’t have periods.” “Eh? The brown spots I have in my underpants … Azzy told me I should get a tampon and—” Azalea plays innocent. “I never said such a thing.”

“Funny, isn’t it? No matter what language they speak, everyone sounds the same when you pull out their fingernails.”
– Dread Emperor Foul III, “the Linguist”



“Well, I don’t know how many years on this Earth I got left. I’m gonna get real weird with it.”

“Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.”



“Where have all the good men gone? Graveyards, mostly.”
– Dread Emperor Malevolent III, the Pithy”



“Thanks to you I’ve involuntarily increased the radiation protection of my biosuit quite substantially.”



“It is perhaps little wonder that the end of Victorianism almost exactly coincided with the invention of psychoanalysis.”



“Hey, you,” I snap at a waiter on his phone just outside the door. “Are those the coconut shrimp?” He nods dumbly, eyes wide at being caught slacking on the job. “Give them to me.” “What?” He’s scared. He looks around for a manager, but it’s just us. “You heard me. Stuff them in my purse—now!” And that’s how I leave Dr. Lopez’s retirement party toting two dozen coconut shrimp.
Grey, R.S.. Hotshot Doc (pp. 55-56). Kindle Edition.”



“He went on like this all day, his lips bristling with bright iron brads under his grizzled beard, talking, spitting out nails, hammering them in, grasping, misquoting and singing all at the same time, lively as a leprechaun. "... the spectre of war is haunting Europe!"-bang bang bang-"You have nothing but your chains to lose, Mr. Small, and all the world to gain!"
"Chains?" asked I. Small, looking about him. "What do you mean, chains? What chains? Where chains?" He touched his watch-chain to satisfy himself that it was not yet lost. Then, somewhat sadly, he said "You're bleddywell right. I got nothing but my chain to lose. And what's that worth? Three pounds?”



“I have never seen a man who lost the blood from his face so fast, and I wondered where it went”



“It was my turn to groan. Dress shopping with Kade’s mother. Kill me now. The alternative—arriving home without a gown—was equally unappealing.
“Okay, but I’m taking my switchblade along.”
“To defend yourself against my mother?” he asked with an incredulous tone.
“No. To slit my throat if the day goes badly.”
He laughed. “Make sure you don’t bleed in front of her. She faints at the sight of blood.”
“I’m so glad you have your priorities straight,” I said. My voice dripped with sarcasm.”



“Cultural' sort of solved problems by explaining that they weren't really there.”



“Do you know what this is?" the girl bellowed slowly.
"No," I said. She seemed genuinely pleased.
"These are the deeds of our Savior. The word of our Lord."
"Oh, Lenin's collected works," I said. "Which volume?”



“You know, when I very first transformed into the creature that I am, I found out that I could smell fear. Ironwheel, you seem to have a great deal of it lingering from you.” I said calmly. “This is kind of like a student being punished by the principal. However it is not principal with the “pal” it should be the one spelled p-r-i-n-c-p-l-e. So, it is where the “student” is being punished by the principle of justice.”



“A beach bum is just a blue-collar lounge lizard without a roof over their head.”

“You can Shine in the dark; but, how? Just Light up the darkness as the Light you are!”

“Eng Seng was asked how many people were singing on Christmas eve. He replied that it was dark and even though there was light in the sky, he could not see people singing. He said the bible said there were angels singing and he supposed the angels were singing on Christmas eve!
...He was asked who organised the singing. He replied that, like what was stated in the bible, he followed a star and he supposed the others too followed the star. No one organised the singing.
On spotting a dead moth on the floor, Eng Seng remarked to the officer partly in Hokkien: "By the way, er, you
suay
(bad luck) already. Moths die on the floor. You
suay
, I also
suay
, got to see you on New Year's Day."
The officer asked if he believed in those things and he replied, "Yeah, moths live outside. Why come in to die!"
No amount of questioning from the officer could elucidate any intelligent response from my brother! The officer was frustrated...brought him to see his superior.
The minute the door to the superior's office was opened, Eng Seng exclaimed: "
Wa tua liap liao
! (So big shot already!)" The superior officer asked: "Do I know you?" He replied "
Tua liap liao
, how you know me small fly?"
After a few more senseless comments, the superior officer told the officer to take him away. He was allowed home.”



“Sirius looked about as intelligent as the temple cats who liked to chase their own tails.”



“If my husband is working for Rose, he should not come to Mary for salary at the end of the month.”



“Balls is good, dude. Balls is just - it's straight up. You know what you're getting with balls. Death is what you're getting.”

“Lichen crusted rocks bore down upon the entrance, as if their weight smothered and squeezed the tiny door into the wall.”

“Τρελός αυτός που πιστεύει ότι όλα μπορούν να πάνε καλύτερα, ακόμα πιο τρελός όμως αυτός που τον πιστεύει”



“The name suggested that where there were pork scratchings there were pork itchings, and mental images of pigs with terrible skin diseases filled his mind. Had he just been chewing on hog scabs?”



“My doctor told me that as long as I can walk up a flight of stairs then I can keep having sex. That's why I chose an upstairs appartment.”



“I'm just conveying the brutality of the market to you, Katherin,' I say. That's one of my favourite lines. Good old market, always there to be blamed. "The people don't want history in their crochet books. They want cute pictures and easy instructions.”




“The last time I was on a cruise it was through the Greek islands with Justin, and I was positively glowing with love and post-sex hormones. Now, huddled in a corner with three Aldi bags of knitting needles, crochet hooks and wool, accompanied by an ex-hippy and a sardine sandwich, I can no longer deny the fact that my life has taken a turn for the worse.”



“Wee Archie was wielding a shepherd's crook that, as Tommy remarked later, no shepherd would be found dead with, and he was wearing a kilt that no Highlander would dream of being found alive in.”



“I've never met a lasagna I didn't like”

“They don’t want to have a good time, they merely want to slump into middle age as quickly as possible. After the frightful battle of getting her man to the altar, the woman kind of relaxes, and all her youth, looks, energy, and joy of life just vanish overnight. It was like that with Hilda. Here was this pretty, delicate girl, who’d seemed to me—and in fact when I first knew her she was—a finer type of animal than myself, and within only about three years she’d settled down into a depressed, lifeless, middle-aged frump”



“Boasting about modesty is typical of the English.”

“Midnight ...
Stare at screen. Vaguely aware right hand has hit keys to open new file. Start breathing very slowly.
Write 1,943 words.
Bed.
For a day there, thought we weren't going to make it.”

“In the desert you
always
need water,' [Selethen] told [Horace]. 'A wise traveller never goes past a chance to refill his water skins.'
'Is there nowhere else they could do this?' Halt asked. Selethen tapped another mark into the sand with his dagger.
'There are the Orr-San Wells, he said. 'They're smaller and not as reliable.”



“Si rien n'est plus rare que ce qui ne se produit pas souvent, en revanche, rien n'est plus fréquent que ce qui arrive constamment.
Pierre Dac dans "Arrière-pensées”



“I was an owl in the darkness, looming over this black and white Dominican mouse with her little pink rodent hands working the old projector. I was a panther in short socks, teeth clenched and eyes fixed on my prey.”



“Dance like they're watching you, because they are watching you.”

“There is nothing more dangerous than a man without a sense of humour.”



“We are a down-trodden race.”
“You are a down-trodden race because you are lazy,” said Chilke.
“If I am lazy and you are not, how is it that I am carrying your baggage while you walk light-foot?”
For a moment or two Chilke deigned no explanation of the seeming paradox; then he said: “If you knew anything about the laws of economics, you would not ask such a banal question.”



“I should not be surprised if you were able to write a book after all. Not that a new book is wanted. There are too many books as it is; and not enough people to dust them. Still, it is not probable that you would be considerate enough to remember that. You will write your book.”



“If wishes were horses, my house would stink of manure.”

“Be Yourself!
you can try at home first.”

“Are you suggesting that those men were in my employ?"
"That's exactly what I'm suggesting."
"I don't know if you noticed but those men were pointing a gun at me. I'm sorry, but if anyone in my employ did that, I'd sack them on the spot.”



“OK, Reg and me will help you up, come on-'
'Me? But I can't stand heights!'
'I thought you could turn into a bat?'
'Yeah, but a very nervous one!”



“The flowers danced, knowing that they will die.”

“It’s a ground floor apartment in the old part of Hadport. I don’t see much of Mrs. Zarnac, who lives upstairs. Lonely-looking older men visit her, And when she cooks for them vinegar smells waft down. Crosses my mind he might be pickling them alive, one after another, for some dark embalming project.”



“There's nothing I like better than curling up in bed with a good Trollope.”

“The Empress called the Twelve Warlords to her throne at Sinegard and deliberated for seventy-two hours.
On the sixth day, the Empress formally replied that Ryohai could go fuck himself.”



“Physically and spiritually, the humour penetrates and executes the healing light and tonic, for the heart and mind.”

“Весь фокус в том, чтобы помешаться без всякого повода и дать понять моей даме, что если я, здорово живешь, свихнулся, то что же будет, когда меня до этого доведут!”



“Слух у старой леди значительно улучшился, а злополучный мистер Миллер чувствовал себя выброшенным из родной стихии, как дельфин, посаженный в караульную будку.”



“Провалиться мне на месте, но мне кажется, когда человек очень беден, он выбегает из дому и в регулярном отчаянии поедает устрицы.”



“Очень жаль, что приходится прерывать такие приятные разговоры, как сказал король, распуская парламент.”



“To comedians and humorists, God is laugh.”

“I sip my coffee. If you've never had black coffee, here's what it's like: death. Bitter, angry, hot death, crawling inside your mouth and taking off the socks it's been wearing all summer and wiping its gross, sweaty feet on the very back of your tongue, and then pushing you in the backs of your eyeballs. That, plus dirt. That's what black coffee is like.”



“Beauty fades, DUMB is forever.”

“Be careful with that ," I said, nodding at the paper, "because if you text me too much, you'll have to marry me. It's the rules in my religion.”




“Keep your bad vibes out of my cornflakes.”

“There is an old Arabic story about a man who hears Death is coming for him, so he sneaks away to Samarra. And when he gets there, he finds Death in the market, and Death says, "You know, I just felt like going on vacation to Samarra. I was going to skip you today, but how lucky you showed up to find me!" And the man is taken after all. Arthur Less has traveled halfway around the world in a cat's cradle of junkets, changing flights and fleeing from a sandstorm into into the Atlas Mountains like someone erasing his trail or outfoxing a hunter—and yet Time has been waiting here all along. In a snowy alpine resort. With cuckoos. Of course Time would turn out to be Swiss. He tosses back the champagne. He thinks: Hard to feel bad for a middle-aged white man.”



“Master Ren: "Inquisitrix! Be warned: I am commander Ren Mormorian, apprentice nekomancer to the great and ancient two-faced Zorian of Whiteclaw House! I have raised the ancient dead!
I have fought the wraithmen of the Forsaken Forests! Cross me at your own peril!
You can't blame a cat for trying.
Flee!”

“He was a very dispirited Poet. He had never expected the world to act in a courteous, seemly, or even sensible manner, and the world had seldom done so; often he had taken heart in the consistency of its rudeness and stupidity. But never before had the world shot the Poet in the abdomen with a musket. This he found not heartening at all.”



“Tis good to laugh. Yer gotta laugh and laugh out loud,” said the leprechaun. “You can cry if you want to but laughin’s better.”



“Today's cheerful note: The atomic bomb can't kill you more times than you're already going to die already.”

“Look at you quivering like a bag of fresh tofu!”



“King Atli had Hogni’s heart cut out while he was alive, and that was his death.”



“What these sounds mean, he thought, is: I am alive and so are you. And we're all very worried that we might not be alive for much longer, so we'll just keep talking, because that's better than thinking.”



“Wisdom is like a fermented wine. It's only appreciated when shared.”

“He looked at Hippie Zeus. “You’re welcome to help.”
The statue said nothing.
“Thanks, Pops,” Jason muttered.”



“Sweeties were a breakfast cereal. They did not snap,crackle or pop, or do anything the more talented cereals did.”



“When the Æsir saw Odin flying, they placed their vats in the courtyard, and when Odin entered Asgard he spat the mead into the vats. It was such a close call, with Suttung almost catching him, that he blew some of the mead out of his rear. No one paid attention to this part, and whoever wanted it took it; we call this the bad poets’ portion.”



“Every professor of philosophy needs a nine-year-old daughter. Mine has a habit of saying, "Daddy, that is a very silly idea." She is always right.”

“She was sharp, and acrid of temperament; and in her speech she was sarcastic at most times, and when angry, incisive and severe. Her words at such times fell like nettles upon those at whom she thrust them.”



“Haven't you ever thought how futile and ludicrous life is sometimes, and that if you don't take refuge in laughter you'll end up in a far worse place?”



“The Resorts of Han Wavel were so obscenely luxurious that it was said a Breqindan male would sell his mother for a night in the Sandcastle Hotel's infamous vibro-suite, This is not as shocking as it sounds as parents are accepted currency on Brequinda and a nicely moisturized septuagenarian with a good set of teet can be traded for a mid-range family moto-carriage.”

“Why are dumb brutes so damned smart, anyway?'
'Why are us smart folk so often stupidly brutal, Quick Ben?' Trull asked.
'Stop trying to confuse me in my state of animal terror, Edur.”



“I write stories because you can punch-dance your way out of everything.”

“It’s so chankin my chebs are glacial!”



“The only beast a man wants a woman to have between her legs is himself!”



“Writers and speakers whose words are usually not informative, funny, or thought-provoking are a waste of the ability to write or speak.”

“I’m not like others in my profession.” He frowned slightly and added, more to himself, “Might be why I’ve been an apprentice for the past three years.” [~ Mr Joseph Maxwell, Bow Street Society member.]”

“Sanity is best judged by those who lack it”



“But since people weren't talking to each other any more, it ended up that whoever said the same thing the most times won. Some had refined this talent to the point of repeating themselves several times in the course of a few seconds. In the course of a few seconds.”

“Heath was still Heath--cute, but not the brightest Crayola in the pack.”

“Every time you die, it hurts.”

“I thought Karabekean with his meaningless pictures had entered into a conspiracy with millionaires to make poor people feel stupid”



“Where are we now? I think modern mankind is on the evolutionary scale of teenager: we think we know it all and it’s all about us.
From "Holo Earth and the Evolution of Awareness”

“Forgive me if I'm uncomfortable around people with the authority to chop my head off.”




“No pleasure is worth giving up for the sake of two more years in a geriatric home in Weston-super-Mare”

“One hope I do retain. That the war will end and I will serve as a stud in a great farmhouse.”



“Commander Vimes always says that when life hands you a mess of spaghetti, you just keep pulling until you find a meatball.”



“The most remarkable thing I have observed since I came abroad, is, that there are no people so obviously mad as the English.”



“I have no doubt that you could have flung bricks by the hour in England's most densely populated districts without endangering the safety of a single girl capable of becoming Mrs. Augustus Fink-Nottle without an anaesthetic.”



“Opera is when a tenor and soprano want to make love, but are prevented from doing so by a baritone”

“- Mr. Alakbarov, how much is the rent for this fantastic apartment?
- Madam, this is the red wine aisle of the grocery store.”



“Horns honked all around us, and our fellow drivers seemed concerned about my education, as they were introducing me to all manner of exciting hand gestures. Some of them were even new to me. I pointed to one of them.
"Look, Dominic. We're learning new things.”



“The large bedroom was crammed to overflowing with family relics, and examples of the various arts in which Lady Emily had brilliantly dabbled at one time or another. Part of one wall was decorated with a romantic landscape painted on the plaster, the fourpost bed was hung with her own skilful embroidery, watercolour drawings in which a touch of genius fought and worsted an entire want of technique hung on the walls. Pottery, woodcarving, enamels, all bore witness to their owner’s insatiable desire to create. From their earliest days the Leslie children had thought of their mother as doing or making something, handling brush, pencil, needle with equal enthusiasm, coming in late to lunch with clay in her hair, devastating the drawing-room with her far-flung painting materials, taking cumbersome pieces of embroidery on picnics, disgracing everyone by a determination to paint the village cricket pavilion with scenes from the life of St Francis for which she made the gardeners pose. What Mr Leslie thought no one actually knew, for Mr Leslie had his own ways of life and rarely interfered. Once only had he been known to make a protest. In the fever of an enamelling craze, Lady Emily had a furnace put up in the service-room, thus making it extremely difficult for Gudgeon and the footman to get past, and moreover pressing the footman as her assistant when he should have been laying lunch.”



“Don’t worry be happy”

“Watsons - It’s so exciting writing this one I got carried away with it.”



“Philip, outrageously sensitive
-- pg 123”



“Ted was a superstar of the dog food tasting industry. He brought dog food up to a standard that is equal to or better than dishes you’ll find in most 5 star restaurants. He was one of the biggest reasons why today’s dogs become so excited when dinner time comes around.”



“The tennis coach slowly moved his fingers towards his friend’s arsehole and shakily circled the rim as instructed.
“Anything abnormal there?”
“It’s hairy,” Butcher complained.
“It is very hairy,” the doctor agreed. “But, although an arsehole that hairy is undoubtedly unusual, it’s not technically an abnormality.”

“The initial design called for 3 legs but the idea was dropped when the Kamasutra people threatened to resign.”

“You were not acquainted with my father, Mr Morville. I have often been sorry that you were not, for you would have been excessively pleased with one another. My father was a great reader, though not, of course, during the hunting-season.”



“Un chef d’État de cette Europe centrale où les chefs d’État peuvent, à bon droit, craindre à chaque instant pour leur vie, avait révélé à son confident un plan mis au point au cours de centaines de nuits d’insomnie, et qui devait permettre au chef de l’État de déserter l’État que, comme tous les autres chefs d’État d’Europe centrale font avec le leur, il avait bien entendu conduit systématiquement à la ruine la plus complète (L'imitateur)”



“Glawen alighted, removed his luggage from the bin while Maxen sat drumming his fingers on the wheel. Glawen paid the standard fee, which Maxen accepted with raised eyebrows. “And the gratuity?”
Glawen slowly turned to stare into the driver’s compartment.
“Did you help me load my luggage?”
“No, but -”
“Did you help me unload it?”
“By the same token -”
“Did you not tell me that I was inbred and eccentric, and probably weak-minded?”
“That was a joke.”
“Now can you guess the location of your gratuity?”
“Yes. Nowhere.”
“Quite right.”
“Hoity-toity!” murmured Maxen, and drove quickly away, elbows stylishly high.”



“Some of you may consider my teaching techniques rather casual. Others will wonder how I arrive at your proper grade. There is no mystery here. I grade partly from examination results, partly from a subjective, or even subconscious, evaluation. I must admit that beautiful girls face a special handicap; I must constantly guard against giving these delicious creatures all that they want and more. I might add that ugly girls fare no better, since then I must take into account my kindly pangs of guilt and pity."
Ottillie Veder said: “I am a girl. How will I know whether my bad grade is because you admire me or because you find me disgusting and repulsive?”
“Nothing could be simpler. Arrange to meet me out on the beach with a blanket and a bottle of good wine. If I do not appear, your most pessimistic fears will be confirmed.”



“When Kirsty wore an apron, no matter what colour, she always ended up the spitting image of a stout, pre-revolution, Russian peasant crone, as depicted in her year nine history book.”



“Chicken salad with egg in it is very interesting way to eat two generations.”



“I once went to a restaurant and ordered a chicken salad sandwich and an egg salad sandwich to see which would come first.”



“Why, some of the work that I have by me now has been in my possession for years and years, and there isn't a finger-mark on it.”



“I fell head over heels for her, and now, I have a stitch on my nose.”

“what were you hoping to find?" he snapped "A little tree house with a sign reading serial killers hangout, please come in?.”



“If you love good roads, conveniences, good inns, plenty of postilions and horses, be so kind as to never go into Sussex. We thought ourselves in the northest part of England; the whole country has a Saxon air, and the inhabitants are savage."
- To George Montagu, Esq., August 26, 1749”



“When it’s my turn, I fill my plate with rice, shami kabob, lentils, and butter chicken, skipping the cauliflower and salad, and pile the naan high before carefully carrying it downstairs to the basement. Rabiya, Yusuf, and the other kids are already camped in front of the TV with their food.
Mustafa joins a few minutes later, plopping down on our beat-up leather sofa next to Yusuf.
“There’s nothing good on,” Yusuf announces after flipping through all the channels.
“Isn’t there a basketball game?” Mustafa asks.
“Nooo!” Rabiya whines.
“I want SpongeBob,” a little boy named Jamal says, chewing on a piece of naan.
“How about we tell scary stories?” Yusuf suggests.
“No way,” Rabiya refuses. “Last time I had nightmares for days.”
I agree. Yusuf tells the scariest stories ever. The worst one was about severed hands of bodies that were dug up from graves. The hands came to life and would tickle people to death. I still think about that whenever we pass a graveyard.”



“Beware the drunkard’s wisdom.”



“Another condition of her settlement was that the Æsir must do something she the beard of a goat and tied the other end around his own testicles. The goat and Loki started pulling back and forth, each squealing loudly until finally Loki fell into Skadi’s lap, and then she laughed.”



“It's like one of those affairs in books," said Bailey disgustedly."Someone trying to think up a new way to do a murder. Silly, I call it."
"What do you say, Roper?" said Alleyn.
"To my way of thinking, sir," said Sergeant Roper, "these thrillers are ruining our criminal classes.”




“I think she’s too ignorant to be a witch.”



“She's nice," he says.
His compliment warms me.
"That's it?" the third one replies with a stamp of her foot. She shoves his shoulder and pouts, her lips a brilliant shade of coral.
"Sh's a little stubborn."
I smile.
"Can be a bit impulsive or reckless," he adds.
I scoff. Bree chuckles.”



“The idea that this end of philosophy— at least, of political philosophy and (I claim) moral philosophy— has close relations with history overlaps with a more ambitious view held by a consistently underestimated Oxford philosopher, R. G. Collingwood. The trouble with Collingwood’s kind of commitment is that it requires one to know some history. My two associates in the view I am sketching are Alasdair MacIntyre and Charles Taylor. They are both Roman Catholics, though of different sorts. I used to find this a disquieting fact but no longer do so. All three of us, I could say, accept the significant role of Christianity in understanding modern moral consciousness, and adopt respectively the three possible views about how to move in relation to that: backward in it, forward in it, and out of it. In any case, we all assume some historical commitments, they on a more ambitious scale than I, and perhaps there is a rather nervous competition for who writes the most irresponsible history.”

“Her preferred form of exercise, she told Wendy, was stress. "Clench muscles, hold for twelve hours, release for a count of five, then clench again”



“Resolved not to waste further time on account of this childish affair, I contemplated departure via the french windows.”



“The second reason - I don’t think I’m that unattractive. Alright. So I’m extremely ashen, with a jagged scar that splits my face in half from my temple to my chin. Then, there’s my disfigured nose and skin, which is like the texture of wallpaper paste (I suppose this comment is actually pretty offensive to wallpaper paste) and my crooked teeth, which would surely frighten even the likes of the Cheshire Cat. Really though, all things considered, I actually think I’m kind of hot – hotter than those Victoria Secret models for sure.”



“You do not know the madness of scholarly curiosity, Mr Webster. To be interested, and at the same time disinterested…”



“Holly was staring at me. "Who were you talking to just then?"
"No one! You!"
"I don't believe you."
"Look, does it really matter right now?"
"If we're going to be working together, Lucy...."
"Oh, hell! All right! I'll tell you! It's an evil haunted skull that lives in my backpack! Happy, now?”



“She gazed at Berry with stolid affection, like a cow inspecting a turnip.”

“As always, when I want to get rid of people I'm barely listening to, I try to look as if I'm agreeing with them.”



“Didn’t your mother ever tell you that staring at someone in the way you are for too long is almost as rude as pointing at them?” BAM…WAM AND ALAKAZAM. It was out before I could stop myself.”



“The area that I call my home is the kind of place that people walk in and out of it all day and night, but that’s mostly stupid teens who like to dare one another. It hasn’t got a sign hanging outside saying a designated number, a nice plot of freshly planted flowers or a chimney amongst other furnishings. It hasn’t even got a ‘crash pad’, although how you can define one of those is subjective I know. Most importantly, the place I call my home doesn’t exactly evoke happy emotions. Truthfully, it has a ‘gloom and doom’ atmosphere attached to it – not the best description to advertise on ‘Rightmove’.”



“Well…I’m sorry to burst your human bubble, but I’m living proof that they do,” I reply, “although, if you don’t believe me, then by all means give the ‘Ghostbusters’ a call. I’m sure they will confirm everything, but make sure you remind them not to cross the streams!”



“You want my help or not?” I say, putting my hand on my hips and looking sassier than Rhianna. All I need now is a latex outfit, plastic whip and chain-mail lead. I know I’ve got him just where I want him.”



“£500.” He hisses furiously at me. “I can’t believe I’ve spent £500 on an entire new wardrobe and a new haircut – one that I didn’t even want my I add!” As he talks, I skip happily, a dreamy smile plastered all over my face. I’ve had, without a shadow of a doubt, the best day ever. “I can.” I answer, my voice rising several decibels, as I lose myself, currently, on cloud nine. “I’ve loved spending your money. It feels awesome!”



“At karate.” She tells him casually, shrugging her shoulders and limbering up. Her heavy, laced boots, which are neon in colour, leave marks on the surface of the desk. She doesn’t seem to notice or care. “My instructor is pretty badass. He almost threw me across two tables and a chair the other day…almost.”



“So…what are we doing in class today?” I ask Adam, hoping that my question might stir him into action. I also ask to satisfy my curiosity. Adam sighs, before copying Jen. “Oh…just the structure of a plasma membrane.” He says in a matter of fact tone. “Nothing too taxing.” My silent reply says everything. Oh boy!”



“Jeese…is that really macaroni and cheese?” She says, raising her heavily eye-shadowed lids. “It looks like dog food.” Jason chuckles, throwing a lopsided grin. “You want to try it out on me?” he laughs. “I’ll roll over and be a good boy for you.” Jen punches him on the arm. Her reaction just makes him chortle harder. She’s barely made a mark. “Don’t push your luck Fido!” She snaps, before heading for the chips.”



“When my friends are in danger,” he says, his voice sincere. “I will always be there to help them, no matter what.” “Sheesh,” I comment, catching Adam’s eye and making him grin harder. “I think I preferred the moodier you, not the soppy one.” And with that, we are back in business.”



“You know what.” Adam said, his voice superbly controlled. “I think your last comment is the smartest thing I've ever heard you say. I can’t tell you how glad I am that you’ve tricked me because, if you hadn’t, then I wouldn’t know what I do know now. For that reason, I thank you.” At hearing his answer, Grace’s reaction, as was everyone else’s, was priceless. They were beyond stunned, although she couldn’t help but let slip a sense of curiosity. “W…what do you know?” Grace asked, her brow furrowed. She was as puzzled as she was intrigued. So were all the others. Adam simply smiled knowingly. “The fact that no one alive WOULD want to go out with me.” And with that, Adam didn’t give anyone any further opportunity to speak. Instead, he parted those gathered around him in dumbfounded stupification with lethargic ease, flicked open his phone and called the person who had appeared in his mind, before heading off to find the one being who had and would always have his heart.”



“The first draft of your book is not something you are going to want to show anyone. Sorry! As much as you have sweated and toiled over it… it is most likely a crude assembly of scenes with a bit of a mishmash plot at best.”

“Fionn eased away from a sunbeam lest it bestir the glamour that hid him from human eyes—and promptly flinched as his hand came down on something burning hot. He squinted at the small round object embedded in the mould. A thumbbone’s length across, the object was—an inch, to use the Quick Folks term Silver had drilled into them—and fluted along the edge like a crown. A perfect circle. He flipped it over cautiously, with a twig. Letters showed on top: white on red. “Coke” it read, in the script Silver had also made them learn. “Top of one of their bottles,” he growled. “Amusing, if you think of it: how they leave such dangers about, not knowing.”



“You okay there?” Justice’s soothing voice came from my right, and I really wanted to turn and look at her, but my arms up on either side of my head prevented me from moving too much.
Gretley let out a snort of laughter. “I’m doing just brilliant. Hanging from my freaking arms. Body about to rip in two. Black misty clouds attacking me. Just brilliant.”
I couldn’t help the strangled chuckle that escaped. “That’s the spirit.”



“Don't worry about side-effects. Most sport supplements have no effect at all. But yet, I would like to highlight three that are scientifically sound and awesome placebos when neatly packaged.”



“The problem with fingering is that it makes our finger dirty too.”

“Ah don’t worry about Jonah. Something must have crawled up his ass.” Billy pauses. “Something big.”
“I hope he made sure to get its weight for takeoff,” I mutter, reaching for my running shoes.
Billy’s barking laughter carries through the cool breeze.”

“In a woman's life, education and fashion should be the highest in quality, rest of the things go handy.”

“The price of your birthday outfits should go costlier with respect to the ages you lived.”

“Well... Emmett is real, and I’ve just broken up with Cadence.”



“The only exercise I get is jumping to conclusions.”




“Bucquoy knew of him, and didn't like him because he took his wine in sips.”



“mates, to my sisters and me, are seen mainly as shadows of the people they're involved with. they move. They're visible in direct sunlight. But because they don't have access to our emotional buttons-- because they can't make us twelve again, or five, and screaming-- they don't really count as players.”



“Imagine having to live in a place like this," she said through chattering teeth. "You'd have to pick your nose all the time just so that your boogers wouldn't freeze into icicles and stab the inside of your nose.”



“They say the shortest way to a man’s heart is through his sternum, after all.”



“Lesley said that my exes knew that past a certain point I’d lost interest, and that’s why they always packed me in first. That’s not the way I remember it, but Lesley swore she could have constructed a calendar based on my love life. A cyclical one, she said, like the Maya – counting down to disaster. Lesley could be surprisingly erudite sometimes.”



“You must never underestimate the power of the eyebrow.”

“The Four are here. They just requested permission to enter the perimeter. I need to spell Jessa now.”
I let out a large sigh. “Those assholes could not wait until after breakfast, seriously.” My parents’ horror-filled eyes locked on me. “What? A girl’s got to eat. It’s just rude.”



“At least the presence of Harry, her tabby cat, purring softly and weaving in and out of her legs was better than no company at all.”



“Can I get two coffees?’
Joanna cringed. That cashier ought to tell her straight that she may have two coffees, but she certainly can’t get them because customers aren’t allowed behind the counter!”



“Looking for my final love with someone who is ready to settle down. Of course dating is great initially, but I don’t wish to be dating indefinitely, so if you’re looking for an indefinite dating partner, please pass me by.”



“Look at yourself for a change! You’ll be counting the grains of rice I buy next! Talk about tight – Scrooge has nothing on you!”



“Conscious of the way spinach has a habit of flaunting itself between front teeth, she packed tooth picks in her new clutch bag.”



“Remember what he said about my picture: I’m lovely and it made him do double cartwheels. Remember also that he’s prone to hyperbole, so don’t take everything he says literally.”



“Joanna swooned on hearing his voice and knew immediately that she would more than merely like him. Could be love at first type, she thought. It was a voice so luscious that only a hunk of a dreamboat could possess”



“We're not here for a long time. We're here for a good time.”



“There are some friendships you cannot slay, no matter how many times you wound each other.”



“A great journey, full of laughter, a few tears and lots of heart. It’s romantic and adventurous, amusing and understanding, a story to enjoy – Claire Ashton, Book Blogger.co”

“Bob, he’s all action-packed-and-ready-to-go.”



“I don’t approve.’
A vet”



“Il locale era completamente vacante, mangiare alle otto di sira è cosa di milanesi, i siciliani cominciano a pigliare in considerazione la mangiata passate le nove.”



“Fuck,' I said after a while, because like a little black dress it's the old standby.”



“Ivy looked up, clearly embarrassed. "I'm sorry about your men at the car. I didn't recognize them. They tried to stop me from coming in."
My eyebrows rose, and Rynn Cormel's laughter shocked both Ivy and me. "If you bested them, they deserved it and needed the reminder. Thank you for correcting their poor interpretation of your skills."
Ivy licked her lips. It was a nervous habit I didn't see often, and my tension rose. "Um," she hedged, trying to tuck her short hair behind an ear. "I think I ought to call an ambulance. I broke a few things.”



“Fine. Let’s say you’re a traitorous, hateful coward. I’ve been celibate my entire life up until I met you, and you fuck like a porn star. Don’t you think I deserve that?”



“I doubt I could get a tan anyway. I love pyjamas.”



“Look ye, carpenter, I dare say thou callest thyself a right good workmanlike workman, eh!”



“Why the name change, Mr. Hard?’ the country clerk asked as he prepared to stamp the eight-year-old John’s paperwork official. ‘It’s just two little letters,’ the clerk said with a smile. ‘And where are your parents, anyway?’ John took the toothpick he was chewing out of his mouth. ‘Just stamp the fucking paper,’ he said, then he flicked the toothpick at the clerk. John Harder was born.”



“Life is hard enough when you are operating at 6, 2 and even.”



“Work hard. Work dirty. Choose your favourite spade and dig a small, deep hole; located deep in the forest or a desolate area of the desert or tundra. Then bury your cell phone. And then find a hobby. Actually, 'hobby' is not a weighty enough word to represent what I am trying to get across. Let's use 'discipline' instead. If you engage in a discipline or do something with your hands, instead of kill time on your phone device, then you have something to show for your time when you're done. Cook. Play music. Sew. Carve. Shit, bedazzle! Or, maybe not bedazzle. The arrhythmic is quite simple, instead of playing Draw Something, fucking draw something. Take the cleverness you apply to Words with Friends and utilize it to make some kick ass corn bread, Corn Bread with Friends - try that game. I'm here to tell you that we've been duped on a societal level. My favourite writer, Wendell Berry writes on this topic with great eloquence, he posits that we've been sold a bill of goods claiming that work is bad. That sweating and working especially if soil or saw dust is involved are beneath us. Our population especially the urbanites, has largely forgotten that working at a labor that one loves is actually a privilege.”

“Ils vécurent heureux et eurent beaucoup d'amants.”

“Ah, _home_. You know what would be better? If you could keep the seat warm for me, too. Literally warm.
I am sorry I do not have heaters installed in my rear,”




“How can a man whose eyes are so close together be trusted?”



“Inwardly, Mansfeld felt as repentant as a ferret in a rabbit burrow.”



“The others were fighting for their lives against nose hair.”



“Ethan, you don’t need professional help. You just need a wank, and what you really need is to leave me alone forever.”



“my doggie don't wear glasses
so they're lying when they say
a dog looks like it's owner
aren't they
-
My doggie don't wear glasses
”



“You see, I have trouble with authority. Whenever someone tells me to do something, I get the sudden and very strong urge to do the exact opposite. Sometimes I can control it.
But mostly I just lose.”



“Being normal isn't that miserable."
"Try it for a thousand years in a row, and you'll be grateful for a little zaniness.”



“She sighed and leaned her cheek against his shoulder. "How comfortable this is! she said. "And so delightfully vulgar! Does plain Mr Dash put his arm round ladies in hackney coaches?"
"When not in gaol he does," the Duke responded.”



“Jocelyn even had a graceful way of walking that made people turn their heads to watch her go by. Clary, by contrast, was always tripping over her feet. The only time people turned to watch her go by was when she hurtled past them as she fell down stairs.”



“Now we’re detectives? Maybe we should all have code names.”
“Good idea,” said Jace. “I shall be Baron Hotschaft Von Hugenstein.”
Alec spit his water back into his glass.”



“The tram’s brakes screech and the bell dings as a four-wheel drive turns in front of it. I hope no one inside took a tumble – then again it’s the 86 and probably full of hipsters. They’ll land softly on their beards.”



“Ah, home. You know what would be better? If you could keep the seat warm for me, too. Literally warm"
"I am sorry I do not have heaters installed in my rear,”



“Hobbes: UGH! something under the bed is drooling.
Calvin: Start tying the sheets. We'll go out the window.”



“J just like his Dad
E ever so just (like his Dad)
S specless (he never wore glasses)
U unable to swim
S sometimes I wonder if he was praying for the betraying kiss of Judas so as not to miss out on his Easter egg
C cut bread into very thin slices
H hippy aeroplane impressionist
R really easy to spot in a crowd on a Good Friday
I I wonder if he had a dog
S escapologist
T took him three days but he did it
-
In the name of the Lord
”



“There’s no wrong decisions. We can always turn deep doo-doo into manure, and grow something to chew on.”



“I could give you a thigh sheath to put that in,” Isabelle offered. “I’ve got tonnes.”
“CERTAINLY NOT,” said Simon.”



“The university had a new Managing Director, whose greatest achievement had been to change his title from 'The Principal' to 'The Managing Director'.”



“Trevor wondered if anyone in the outside world could even guess at the horror of working in the Planning Department”



“An entertaining must-read for any discerning traveller – Audley Traveller magazine”



“We come on some dangerous quest to a lost underground world and you bring ketchup?”



“In like sin, Wate. You know Emily, the more she glares, the more she cares.”

“In my defense, I was left unsupervised.”



“You would fancy any man who gave you baklava," I tease.
"You think I am some kind of sharmuta for sweets?”



“Oh it’s all so lovely, isn’t it? Life’s magnitude is madly bipolar—just look at Earth—betwixt it all we try so so desperately to be sensical. Life is the funniest joke ever told for those who manage to see its humour! I reckon we, the Human race, are the divine comedy: The Fools of Folly who, bored by drifting senselessly, crafted an endless universe of entertainment and intrigue; a stage where clueless puppets swing at each other in the name of love.”



“Hope is the escapist drug of the hopeless.”

“I wouldn't have thought that I was heavy enought to lift you."
"Leverage," Stone said. " You just need to provide... Leverage”



“I loved the [postman]! He always brought me gifts. Granted, I ordered them AND paid for them, but still. It was like the guy was my very own Santa, bringing me whatever I wanted, without a Christmas restriction.”



“She hobbled away into the dark, saying her prayers aloud.
"Old saint Nicholas, young saint Mark
Keep me safe in the pesky dark
Saint Olga of the hight Himalayas
Send me a set of cashmere pajamas.”



“Todos los años, los franceses (no voy a liarme ahora con instituciones ni con nombres: los franceses están representados en mi historia por tres o cuatro señoras simpáticas que hicieron todo lo que estaba en su mano porque fuéramos felices) cierran los ojos y hacen girar la bola del mundo, clavan una aguja en un punto elegido al azar con la esperanza de acertar en tierra firme. Escogen así un país cada año e invitan a una docena de individuos, a unos cuantos poetas, a otros tantos novelistas, y los pasean por toda Francia para mostrárselos a un público ávido de sensaciones fuertes. Esa costumbre recibe el nombre de Les Belles Étrangères, Las Bellas Extranjeras. En cuanto me enteré de que yo sería una de esas extranjeras bellas, me interesé por quiénes serían las otras y descubrí que el harén completo incluía a antiguos conocidos míos o, como diría Toiu: «el equipo con el que he recorrido medio mundo». En realidad, todos eran unos amargados que, como decía antes, habían zampado, al igual que yo, salchichón de soja de lo lindo y que vivían aún, a pesar de la libertad posterior a 1989, en el terruño de sus antepasados.”



“They walked out into the first morning after the apocalypse - a day that had just barged in sweaty and unkempt like a late commuter, asking, Anything happen while I was out?”




“Put a hat on the soldier. The soldiers don't need to have an egg for breakfast, unless you want to buy breakfasts, lunches, and dinners for the next eighteen years. Let's have fun, but keep it safe.”



“Well, I warn you, love, that if you cast me out I shall build me a willow cabin at your gates - and likely die of inflammation of the lungs, for November is *not the month for building willow cabins!”



“Ira was scowling at her, but Lily refused to be judged by a cat.”



“Lads, I forgot to tell you. Naya don’t like good music because she’s a feminist.’
‘What’s a feminist?’ Tyse asks.
‘It’s like a chick who blames all of her mental problems on dudes,’ Jimmy explains. ‘But not even on specific dudes, just, like, the idea of dudes. It’s fucked up. And it’s ironic cos feminists usually look like dudes themselves.’
‘But Naya doesn’t look like a dude.’
‘Aww, thanks Tyse,’ Naya says. ‘James has given you a horribly inaccurate definition of a feminist, but he has ably demonstrated why we exist. Unfortunately, he’s not the only entitled male with no respect for women.”

“Not but what he deserves a sharp lesson! He very nearly made me drop these unfortunate kittens, mauling me about in that detestable way! There is *nothing* I dislike more!'
'I agree that he needs a lesson. I should rather suppose it to have been his first attempt. He ought, of course, to have got rid of the livestock,' said Damerel, taking the basket out of her hand, and setting it down, 'for while you were preoccupied with their safety what could he expect but a rebuff?”



“We'd be the Joystick Order. Out motto would be High Score for One, Pizza for All.”



“Girls don't want boys, girls want high-speed internet and dragons.”

“Dear Prig,
You win
Cheers,
Git”



“Oh, my Merlin, I want to have a torrid love affair with this moment," Marlene continued, regaining a little control. "I want to buy this moment dinner. I want to have this moment's illegitimate children. I want to...”



“Ohan, as your doctor, I have to remind you that your body has only had to digest nutrient paste for some time, adopting other foods will take some adjustment.' His cheeks puffed wide. 'But as your - as your friend, there is no way I'd rather spend my afternoon than cooking a meal for you. With you, even, if you'd like.”



“LYSANDER You have her father's love, Demetrius; Let me have Hermia's: do you marry him.”



“Riddle raised a dark brow. “A muggle reference?”
“My father is obsessed.” [said Ron Weasley.]
“With muggles or their things?”
“Muggles. What they do and how they manage it and how they react to different obstacles. He thinks they’re fascinating.”
“Ah. Like a scientist might think an ant colony is very interesting to study.”
“Yeah.”
“Your father,” said Riddle, “is far creepier than I.”



“Always. There is always time for jokes. As my father would say, humour is the spark that lights every dark.”



“Work Smart. Hard work is overrated!”

“Your pussy is a fruit that I wanna juice
Your pussy is a fruit that I wanna juice, yeah
Put the molly in the booty, girl, we turning up tonight
Cos that pussy is a smoothie it know how to do me right.”



“It is a funny thing that for most men the whitest conscience is no protection from some apprehension in the presence of police.”



“A dwarf can go hundreds of miles with a cake like this in his pack,' Carrot went on.
'I bet he can,' said Colon gloomily. 'I bet all the time he'd be thinking, "Bloody hell, I hope I can find something else to eat soon, otherwise it's the bloody cake again.”



“Mrs. Potter faltered. "Where exactly did you spend the night, James?"
"Mum, that's one of those things you'll be happier not knowing. Just take comfort in the fact that I was surrounded by friends, and no one ended up dead or pregnant. All in all, not a bad record for the night...”



“Of course a humanoid who can all-encompassingly be described by the word 'dick' produces offspring. Self-evident in hindsight.”



“I love our Lord with all my soul, but the Church did well to give up on sex and focus on the burning.”



“All of life is a continuous state of wonder interrupted by bedtime and light snacks.”

“At such moments Princess Mary would think how intellectual work dries men up.”



“A library without the distraction of a few handsome men and women is a library to avoid. If there is no respite from reading, to vacuously rest one’s tired eyes on them – what else is a library for, then?”



“You're a marshmallow, Carmelita.”



“Absence doesn't make the heart grow fonder. It makes people think you're dead.”



“Now, where will I come by a book on etiquette? You wouldn't know if his lordship's got on win the library, would you, love?'
Her colour somewhat heightened, she disengaged herself from his embrace, saying: 'No, but I shouldn't think so. He has one about ranks and dignitaries and orders of precedency: is that what you mean?'
'Nay, that's no use to me! I want one that'll tell me how to behave correctly.'
'I am well aware that you are trying to roast me,' said Anthea, resigned to this fate, 'and also that you don't stand in any need of a book on etiquette - though one of *propriety* wouldn't come amiss!'
'I'm not trying to roast you!' declared Hugo. 'I want to know how long you must be acquainted with a lass before it's polite to propose to her!”



“1.The Messge Is Send To say You in every
way “I love you” Thats Print On My Heart.”

“Time tends to pass you by more quickly when you take no notice of it, my dear. In that, it's remarkably similar to most women I know.”



“Long before the season ended - if not before it start! - Damerel would be heaven knows where, strewing rose-leaves about for some abandoned male to tread on! Well, one thing at least I'm determined on! if he *must* indulge in such wasteful habits he shall strew his rose-leaves for me to tread upon, not one of his ridiculous Paphians!”



“The storms in this era are like teenage angst, heavy and unreasonably intense.”




“He and I, we're friends. Does that sound odd? Me, friends with a pinko journalist?'
Nothing sounded odd to Lamb; except, perhaps, that people had friends.”



“Retrophrenology:
It works like this. Phrenology, as everyone knows, is a way of reading someone's character, aptitude and abilities by examining the bumps and hollows on their head. Therefore - according to the kind of logical thinking that characterizes the Ankh-Morpork mind - it should be possible to mould someone's character by giving them carefully graded bumps in all the right places. You can go into a shop and order an artistic temperament with a tendency to introspection and a side order of hysteria. What you actually get is hit on the head with a selection of different size mallets, but it creates employment and keeps the money in circulation, and that's the main thing.”



“If someone threatens you for telling a joke, that's all the more reason to tell it. Humour is the perfect antidote to fanaticism.”

“I have an opinion and I'm not scared to use it.”

“Yeah!" said the Dean, now in a grip of a wild, unwizardly machismo. "We're mean! Yeah! Are we mean?"
The Archchancellor raised his eyebrows, and then turned to the rest of the wizards.
"Are we mean?" he said.
"Er.. I'm feeling reasonably mean," said the Lecturer of Recent Runes.
"I'm definitely very mean, I think," said the Bursar. "It's having no boots that does it," he added.
"I'll be mean if everyone else is," said the Senior Wrangler.
The Archchancellor turned back to the Dean.
"Yes," he said, "it appears that we are all mean."
"Yo!" said the Dean.
"Yo what?" said Ridcully.
"It's not a yo what, it's just a yo," said the Senior Wrangler, behind him. "It's a general street greeting and affirmative with convivial military ingroup and masculine bonding-ritual overtones."
"What? What, like 'jolly good'?" said Ridcully.
"I suppose so..." said the Senior Wrangler, reluctantly.”



“What He really hates is the shit that gets carried out in his name. Wars. Bigotry. Televangelism.
- Rufus, Dogma”



“Why am I telling you this?'
'So you'll have an excuse to kill me?'
'That's probably it.”



“« A bit of useful information. My name is Victoria “call me Vicki” DeVine. I used to be Mrs. Yorick Dane, but giving up my married name was one of the conditions of my receiving valuable property—aka The Jumble—as part of the divorce settlement. Apparently the second official Mrs. Dane didn’t like the idea that someone else had had the name first. Fortunately, she didn’t seem as possessive about Yorick’s Vigorous Appendage. I could have told her that a couple dozen other women had had it before she took possession. But it wasn’t likely that she would keep solo possession of the appendage for long, so let her figure things out the hard way like I did. Of course, if she had been one of those indulgences, then she already knew the signs and might be able to nip them in the bud. »”



“Ferdy choked.It took a great deal of back-slapping to restore him, and when he was at last able to catch his breath again, his eyes were watering and his countenance was alarmingly flushed.
'Well, what the deuce!' exclaimed Sherry, eyeing him in surprise.
'Crumb' gasped Ferdy.
'Crumb? You weren't eating anything!'
'Must have been,' said Ferdy feebly.”



“Every name is an alias, a mask behind which to plan crimes as we smile and speak the usual nonsense.”



“Are you crying?"
"No, it's raining, but only on my face.”



“The perosn who doesn't make mistakes is unlikely to make anything.”



“You stay here. I'll whistle if it's safe to follow me."
"What will you do if it *isn't* safe?"
"Scream.”



“The landlord of the lodging, who had heard that they were a queer couple, had doubted if they were married at all, especially as he had seen Arabella kiss Jude one evening when she had taken a little cordial; and he was about to give them notice to quit, till by chance overhearing her one night haranguing Jude in rattling terms, and ultimately flinging a shoe at his head, he recognized the note of ordinary wedlock; and concluding that they must be respectable, said no more.”



“The diameter divides into the circumference, you know. It ought to be three times. You'd think so, wouldn't you? But does it? No. Three point one four one and lots of other figures. There's no end to the buggers. Do you know how pissed off that makes me?"
"I expect it makes you extremely pissed off," said Teppic politely.
"Right. It tells me that the Creator used the wrong kind of circles. It's not even a proper number! I mean, three point five, you could respect. Or three point three. That'd look *right*." He stared morosely at the pie.”



“That wasn't snoring," Cruxer said. "I do not know what it is. We all eat the same food, but this man's anus ... If we could weaponize his farts ....”



“A Goddess Adventure represents a combination of heart, head, and soul work”



“When I asked a classmate for a rubber, you call them erasers, everyone laughed so hard that I was ready to board a flight straight back to London”



“Sooner or later it'd get to you. Death was fascinated by humans, and study was never a one-way thing. A man might spend his life peering at the private life of elementary particles and then find he either knew who he was or where he was, but not both.”



“When James Thurber described humour (or humor) as “emotional chaos remembered in tranquility” he was only pointing out that things that seem very important at the time usually aren’t, and that it’s not unkind to laugh at temporary upsets, especially when they’re our own. In fact, it’s rightly considered healthy to be able to laugh at oneself, and we all much prefer people who do not take themselves “too seriously.” A good sense of humour is the sign of a healthy perspective, which is why people who are uncomfortable around humour are either pompous (inflated) or neurotic (oversensitive). Pompous people mistrust humour because at some level they know their self-importance cannot survive very long in such an atmosphere, so they criticise it as “negative” or “subversive.” Neurotics, sensing that humour is always ultimately critical, view it as therefore unkind and destructive, a reductio ad absurdum which leads to political correctness.”



“Say 'no' to the naysayers!”

“all that distinguishes the many-pocketed animal, the lord of creation, from the inferior one-pocketed or no-pocketed productions that hop or trip about permissively”



“I lost the plot and bought myself an allotment”



“... my love life in college had a lot of moving parts.”



“The clouds had dispersed and for a change, the sun was visible in the west, a sinking ball of vodka and cranberry juice.”



“La bestia aprovechó para morderle el antebrazo. El mordisco no le rasgó la piel, pero le ocasionó un desagradable moretón púrpura que le duró varios días, momento en el que decidió bautizarla. Le puso Bitch, como les decían en su lengua a las putas.”

“He is already giving me more advice. Never, never, never put your saucisson or your cheese in the fridge. I feel guilty. I have treated my produce cruelly. I blame my mother. Why didn’t she teach me this – and tell me important things like not to hold an orange pumpkin against a cream jumper when I was peeling it. She could have told me how to preserve kiwifruit rather than my virginity – far more useful.”



“Life is not Qualified by fluent English, Branded clothes or a rich lifestyle. It is a measured by number of faces who smile when they hear your name.”

“Our car was packed up like a real blackfella's car... All someone needed to do was give it a paint job proper way - dots and that.”



