“So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.”




“Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.”

“The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.”

“He does something to me, that boy. Every time. It’s his only detriment. He steps on my heart. He makes me cry.”



“People worry about kids playing with guns, and teenagers watching violent videos; we are scared that some sort of culture of violence will take them over. Nobody worries about kids listening to thousands - literally thousands - of songs about broken hearts and rejection and pain and misery and loss.”



“I have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.”

“there are two types of people in the world: those who prefer to be sad among others, and those who prefer to be sad alone.”



“I am both happy and sad at the same time, and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.”



“I'm lonely. And I'm lonely in some horribly deep way and for a flash of an instant, I can see just how lonely, and how deep this feeling runs. And it scares the shit out of me to be this lonely because it seems catastrophic.”



“So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.”



“All of humanity's problems stem from man's inability to sit quietly in a room alone.”



“I'll fight it. I'll fight it for you. Don't you worry about me, Hazel Grace. I'm okay. I'll find a way to hang around and annoy you for a long time.”



“You're like a song that I heard when I was a little kid but forgot I knew until I heard it again.”



“This is my depressed stance. When you're depressed, it makes a lot of difference how you stand. The worst thing you can do is straighten up and hold your head high because then you'll start to feel better. If you're going to get any joy out of being depressed, you've got to stand like this.”

“The funniest people are the saddest ones”

“Someday, we’ll run into each other again, I know it.
Maybe I’ll be older and smarter and just plain better. If that happens,
that’s when I’ll deserve you. But now, at this moment, you can’t hook
your boat to mine, because I’m liable to sink us both.”



“You’ve changed me forever. And I’ll never forget you.”



“Forever and ever, kid, until you're sick and tired of seeing me.”



“If you don't receive love from the ones who are meant to love you, you will never stop looking for it.”



“Learn this now and learn it well. Like a compass facing north, a man’s accusing finger always finds a woman. Always. You remember that, Mariam.”



“i felt her absence. it was like waking up one day with no teeth in your mouth. you wouldn't need to run to the mirror to know they were gone”



“If I let myself love you, I won't throw myself in front of her. I'll throw myself in front of you.”



“Melancholy were the sounds on a winter's night.”



“you're an expert at sorry and keeping the lines blurry”

“Nothing is ever certain.”



“Even on my weakest days
I get a little bit stronger”

“My room is so quiet and empty it hurts.”



“Melancholy is the happiness of being sad.”

“What is hardest to accept about the passage of time is that the people who once mattered the most to us wind up in parentheses.”



“You asked why I couldn't forgive you," Nick said, very quietly, and I jumped a little. "It was because you were the love of my life, Harper. And you didn't want to be. That's hard to let go.”



“Your memory feels like home to me.
So whenever my mind wanders, it always finds it’s way back to you.”

“…the sad part is, that I will probably end up loving you without you for much longer than I loved you when I knew you.
Some people might find that strange.
But the truth of it is that the amount of love you feel for someone and the impact they have on you as a person, is in no way relative to the amount of time you have known them.”

“You fell in love with a storm. Did you really think you would get out unscathed?”

“A void in my chest was beginning to fill with anger. Quiet, defeated anger that guaranteed me the right to my hurt, that believed no one could possibly understand that hurt.”




“He'd known, since the moment he figured out who she was, that while Celaena would always pick him, Aelin would not.”



“There is an ocean of silence between us… and I am drowning in it.”

“I'm guilty of giving people more chances than they deserve but when I'm done, I'm done.”

“Thank you," he finally said. He couldn't say he meant thanks for all of it: the keys, the trust, the honesty and the kisses. Hopefully Andrew would figure it out eventually. "You were amazing.”



“I should be happy, but instead I feel nothing. I feel a lot of nothing these days. I've cried a few times, but mostly I'm empty, as if whatever makes me feel and hurt and laugh and love has been surgically removed, leaving me hollowed out like a shell.”



“The silence isn't so bad, till I look at my hands and feel sad. Because the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly.”



“Thought I couldn't live without you
It's gonna hurt when it heals too
Even though I really love you
I'm gonna smile cause I deserve to
Quickly I'm learning to love again
All I know is I'mma be ok”

“Rejection, though--it could make the loss of someone you weren't even that crazy about feel gut wrenching and world ending.”



“When she opened her eyes, she was both in her body and watching it, nowhere near the cavity of the tree. The Blue that was before her stood inches from a boy in an Aglionby sweater. There was a slight stoop to his posture, and his shoulders were spattered darkly with rain. It was his fingers that Blue felt on her face. He touched her cheek with the backs of his fingers.
Tears coursed down the other Blue's face. Though some strange magic, Blue could feel them on her face as well. She could feel, too, sick, rising misery she'd felt in the churchyard, the grief that felt bigger than her. The other Blue's tears seemed endless. One drop slid after another, each following an identical path down her cheeks.
The boy in the Aglionby sweater leaned his forehead against Blue's. She felt the pressure of his skin against hers, and suddenly she could smell mint.
It'll be okay. Gansey told the other Blue. She could tell that he was afraid. It'll be okay.
Impossibly, Blue realized that this other Blue was crying because she loved Gansey. And that the reason Gansey touched her like that, his fingers so careful with her, was because he knew that her kiss could kill him. She could feel how badly the other Blue wanted to kiss him, even as she dreaded it. Though she couldn't understand why, her real, present day memories in the tree cavity were clouded with other false memories of their lips nearly touching, a life this other Blue had already lived.
Okay, I'm ready- Gansey's voice caught, just a little. Blue, kiss me.”



“I'm living under water. Everything seems slow and far away. I know there's a world up there, a sunlit quick world where time runs like dry sand through an hourglass, but down here, where I am, air and sound and time and feeling are thick and dense.”



“Your time may come. Do not be too sad, Sam. You cannot be always torn in two. You will have to be one and whole, for many years. You have so much to enjoy and to be, and to do.”



“We often confuse what we wish for with what is.”



“I leave, and the leaving is so exhilarating I know I can never go back. But then what? Do I just keep leaving places, and leaving them, and leaving them, tramping a perpetual journey?”



“She knew I could tell with one glance, one look, one simple instant. It was her eyes. Despite the thick makeup, they were still dark-rimmed., haunted, and sad. Most of all though, they were familiar. The fact that we were in front of hundreds of strangers changed nothing at all. I'd spent a summer with those same eyes-scared, lost, confused-staring back at me. I would have known them anywhere.”



“It was a hurting tune, resigned, a cry of heartache for all in the world that fell apart. As ash rose black against the brilliant sky, Fire's fiddle cried out for the dead, and for the living who stay behind to say goodbye.”



“I'll tell you something, Harpy," he said, his voice almost a whisper now. "It never even occurred to me that we wouldn't make it. And it never occurred to you that we would. You were just waiting for us to go down in flames. I thought we could get through anything.”



“If you cannot hold me in your arms, then hold my memory in high regard.
And if I cannot be in your life, then at least let me live in your heart.”

“Where is my chance to be somebody's Peter Van Houten?' He hit the steering wheel weakly, the car honking as he cried. He leaned his head back, looking up. 'I hate myself I hate myself I hate this I hate this I disgust myself I hate it I hate it I hate it just let me fucking die.”



“Is that all?" she whispered.
Gansey closed his eyes. "That's all there is.”



“But I was young
and didn’t know better
and someone should have told me to capture every second
every kiss & every night
Because now I’m sitting here alone and it’s getting really hard to breath because tears are growing in my throat and they want to break out, but there are people
watching
and I just want to be somewhere silent
somewhere still
But still I don’t want to be alone because I’m scared and lonely
and I don’t understand
Because I was alone my whole life
My whole life
I was so damn lonely and I was content with that
because I liked myself and my own company
and I didn’t need anyone
I thought
But then there was you .. ...
So, someone should have told me that love is for those few brave who can handle the unbearable emptiness,
the unbearable guilt and lack of oneself,
Because I lost myself to someone I love
and I might get myself back one day
but it will take time, it will take time.
This is gonna take some time.
I wish someone would have told me this.
Someone should have told me this.”



“The most difficult aspect of moving on is accepting that the other person already did.”

“I wanted to cry but I didn't, I probably should have cried, I should have drowned us there in the room ending our suffering.”



“I think perhaps I will always hold a candle for you – even until it burns my hand.
And when the light has long since gone …. I will be there in the darkness holding what remains, quite simply because I cannot let go.”

“I had someone once who made every day mean something.
And now…. I am lost….
And nothing means anything anymore.”

“The.
World.
Is.
Not.
A.
Safe.
Place.”



“If you didn't remember something happening, was it because it never had happened? Or because you wished it hadn't?”



“Then I thought, boy, isn't that just typical? You wait and wait and wait for something, and then when it happens, you feel sad.”




“If you’re searching for a quote that puts your feelings into words – you won’t find it.
You can learn every language and read every word ever written – but you’ll never find what’s in your heart.
How can you?
He has it.”

“When you experience loss, people say you’ll move through the 5 stages of grief….
Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, Acceptance
….. What they don’t tell you is that you’ll cycle through them all every day.”

“I take no joy in mead nor meat, and song and laughter have become suspicious strangers to me. I am a creature of grief and dust and bitter longings. There is an empty place within me where my heart was once.”



“It’s painful, loving someone from afar.
Watching them – from the outside.
The once familiar elements of their life reduced to nothing more than occasional mentions in conversations and faces changing in photographs…..
They exist to you now as nothing more than living proof that something can still hurt you … with no contact at all.”

“I pulled myself from his mind, day by day, piece by piece, memory by memory, until there was nothing of Ruby left to weigh him down or keep him bound to my side..”



“The Young Man came to the Old Man seeking counsel.
I broke something, Old Man.
How badly is it broken?
It's in a million little pieces.
I'm afraid I can't help you.
Why?
There's nothing you can do.
Why?
It can't be fixed.
Why?
It's broken beyond repair. It's in a million little pieces.”



“They had battled and bloodied one another, they had kept secrets, broken hearts, lied, betrayed, exiled, they had walked away, said goodbye and sworn it was forever, and somehow, every time, they had mended, they had forgiven, they had survived. Some mistakes could never be fixed - some, but not all. Some people can't be driven away, no matter how hard you try. Some friendships won't break.”



“إذا خفيت عنا الحكمة في العذاب أحيانا.. فلأننا لا ندرك كل شيء ولا نعرف كل شيء، ولا ندرك من القصة إلا تلك المرحلة المحدودة بين قوسين اسمها الدنيا.. أما ما قبل ذلك ومابعد ذلك فهو بالنسبة لنا غيب محجوب.. ولذا يجب أن نصمت في احترام ولانطلق الأحكام..”



“I thought at the time that I couldn't be horrified anymore, or wounded. I suppose that's a common conceit, that you've already been so damaged that damage itself, in its totality, makes you safe.”



“I miss that feeling of connection.
Knowing he was out there somewhere thinking about me at the same time I was thinking about him.”

“I was lost yesterday, I am found today and I will be forgotten tomorrow.”

“So many times it seemed like there were chances to stop things before they started. Or even stop them in midstream. But it was even worse when you knew in that very moment that there was still time to save yourself, and yet you couldn't even budge.”



“They'll say you are bad
or perhaps you are mad
or at least you
should stay undercover.
Your mind must be bare
if you would dare
to think you can love
more than one lover.”

“Im okay Im okay now.
But you really need to listen to me
'cause im telling you the truth
I mean this im okay
Trust me...
Im not okay
...Well okay im not okay.
Im not o-f cking-kay”

“Take a shower. Wash away every trace of yesterday. Of smells. Of weary skin. Get dressed. Make coffee, windows open, the sun shining through. Hold the cup with two hands and notice that you feel the feeling of warmth.   You still feel warmth. Now sit down and get to work. Keep your mind sharp, head on, eyes on the page and if small thoughts of worries fight their ways into your consciousness: threw them off like fires in the night and keep your eyes on the track. Nothing but the task in front of you.
Get off your chair in the middle of the day. Put on your shoes and take a long walk on open streets around people. Notice how they’re all walking, in a hurry, or slowly. Smiling, laughing, or eyes straight forward, hurried to get to wherever they’re going. And notice how you’re just one of them. Not more, not less. Find comfort in the way you’re just one in the crowd. Your worries: no more, no less.
Go back home. Take the long way just to not pass the liquor store. Don’t buy the cigarettes. Go straight home. Take off your shoes. Wash your hands. Your face. Notice the silence. Notice your heart. It’s still beating. Still fighting. Now get back to work. Work with your mind sharp and eyes focused and if any thoughts of worries or hate or sadness creep their ways around, shake them off like a runner in the night for you own your mind, and you need to tame it. Focus. Keep it sharp on track, nothing but the task in front of you.
Work until your eyes are tired and head is heavy, and keep working even after that.
Then take a shower, wash off the day. Drink a glass of water. Make the room dark. Lie down and close your eyes. Notice the silence. Notice your heart. Still beating. Still fighting. You made it, after all. You made it, another day. And you can make it one more.  You’re doing just fine. You’re doing fine.
I’m doing just fine.”



“I need you to be happy. I need one of us to be happy.”



“Two turtle doves will show thee
Where my cold ashes lie
And sadly murmuring tell thee
How in tears I did die”

“Until death," Jem replied gently. "Those are the words of the oath. 'Until aught but death part thee and me.' Someday, Will, I will go where none can follow me, and I think it will be sooner rather than later. Have you ever asked yourself why I agreed to be your parabatai?"
"No better offers forthcoming?" Will tried for humor, but his voice cracked like glass.
"I thought you needed me," Jem said. "There is a wall you have built about yourself, Will, and I have never asked you why. But no one should shoulder every burden alone. I thought you would let me inside if I became your parabatai, and then you would have at least someone to lean upon. I did wonder what my death would mean for you. I used to fear it, for your sake. I feared you would be left alone inside that wall. But now... something has changed. I do not know why. But I know that it is true."
"That what is true?" Will's fingers were still digging into Jem's wrist.
"That the wall is coming down.”



“there’s nothing to
discuss
there’s nothing to
remember
there’s nothing to
forget
it’s sad
and
it’s not
sad
seems the
most sensible
thing
a person can
do
is
sit
with drink in
hand
as the walls
wave
their goodbye
smiles
one comes through
it
all
with a certain
amount of
efficiency and
bravery
then
leaves
some accept
the possibility of
God
to help them
get
through
others
take it
staight on
and to these
I drink
tonight.”



“I hope you find someone who knows how to love you when you are sad.”

“Dimitri is dead," she said.
It was a statement, not a question, but she was looking to me for confirmation. I wondered if I'd given away something, some hint that there was still more to the story. Or maybe she just needed the certainty of those words. And for a moment, I considered telling them that Dimitri was dead. It was what the Academy would tell them, what the guardians would tell them. It would be easier on them...but somehow, I couldn't stand to lie to them—even if it was a comforting lie. Dimitri would have wanted the whole truth, and his family would too.
"No," I said, and for a heartbeat, hope sprang up in everyone's faces—at least until I spoke again. "Dimitri's a Strigoi.”



“We were fools.”
“You were children. Was there no one to protect you?”
“Was there anyone to protect you?”
“My father. My mother. They would have done anything to keep me from being stolen.”
“And they would have been mowed down by slavers.”
“Then I guess I was lucky I didn’t have to see that.”
How could she still look at the world that way? “Sold into a brothel at age fourteen and you count yourself lucky.”
“They loved me. They love me. I believe that.” He saw her draw closer in the mirror. Her black hair was an ink splash against the white tile walls. She paused behind him. “You protected me, Kaz.”
“The fact that you’re bleeding through your bandages tells me otherwise.”
She glanced down. A red blossom of blood had spread on the bandage tied around her shoulder. She tugged awkwardly at the strip of towel. “I need Nina to fix this one.”
He didn’t mean to say it. He meant to let her go. “I can help you.”
Her gaze snapped to his in the mirror, wary as if gauging an opponent.
I can help you.
They were the first words she’d spoken to him, standing in the parlor of the Menagerie, draped in purple silk, eyes lined in kohl. She had helped him. And she’d nearly destroyed him. Maybe he should let her finish the job.”



“I raised you so high that every other man on earth is now doomed to live in your shadow.”

“And I put my hand on her arm to stop her rowing.
Aaron’s Noise roars up in red and black.
The current takes us on.
“I’m sorry!” I cry as the river takes us away, my words ragged things torn from me, my chest pulled so tight I can’t barely breathe. “I’m sorry, Manchee!”
“Todd?” he barks, confused and scared and watching me leave him behind. “
Todd
?”
“Manchee!” I scream.
Aaron brings his free hand towards my dog.
“MANCHEE!”
“
Todd
?”
And Aaron wrenches his arms and there’s a CRACK and a scream and a cut-off yelp that tears my heart in two forever and forever.
And the pain is too much it’s too much it’s too much and my hands are on my head and I’m rearing back and my mouth is open in a never-ending wordless wail of all the blackness that’s inside of me.”



“NO!" Raffe grips me as if he can bind my soul to my body. An upside-down view of the doorway shows up in my field of vision. Smoke waft through it.
Although the pain obscures Raffe's warmth, I feel the presure of his hug, the rocking of our bodies back and forth as he repeats the word, "No.”



“Now mine eyes see the heart that once we did search for, and I fear this heart shall be mended, nevermore.”



“I miss everything about you
Can't believe that I still want you
And after all the things we've been through”

“
Note to self
;
He doesn't care anymore.”

“Blue jeans, white shirt
Walked into the room you know you made my eyes burn
It was like, James Dean, for sure
You're so fresh to death and sick as ca-cancer
You were sorta punk rock, I grew up on hip hop
But you fit me better than my favourite sweater, and I know
That love is mean, and love hurts
But I still remember that day we met in december, oh baby!
I will love you 'til the end of time
I would wait a million years
Promise you'll remember that you're mine
Baby can you see through the tears
Love you more
Than those bitches before
Say you'll remember, oh baby, say you'll remember
I will love you 'til the end of time
Big dreams, gangster
Said you had to leave to start your life over
I was like, “No please, stay here,
We don't need no money we can make it all work,”
But he headed out on sunday, said he'd come home monday
I stayed up waitin', anticipatin', and pacin'
But he was chasing paper
"Caught up in the game" ‒ that was the last I heard
I will love you 'til the end of time
I would wait a million years
Promise you'll remember that you're mine
Baby can you see through the tears
Love you more
Than those bitches before
Say you'll remember, oh baby, say you'll remember
I will love you 'til the end of time
You went out every night
And baby that's alright
I told you that no matter what you did I'd be by your side
Cause Imma ride or die
Whether you fail or fly
Well shit at least you tried.
But when you walked out that door, a piece of me died
I told you I wanted more-but that's not what I had in mind
I just want it like before
We were dancing all night
Then they took you away-stole you out of my life
You just need to remember....
I will love you 'til the end of time
I would wait a million years
Promise you'll remember that you're mine
Baby can you see through the tears
Love you more
Than those bitches before
Say you'll remember, oh baby, say you'll remember
I will love you 'til the end of time”

“There's nothing good about goodnight when it means goodbye.”

“She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eyes -- her eyes are just like mine, Harry thought, edging a little closer to the glass. Bright green -- exactly the same shape, but then he noticed that she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time. The tall, thin, black-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her. He wore glasses, and his hair was very untidy. It stuck up at the back, just like Harry's did.
Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection.
"Mum?" he whispered. "Dad?"
They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Harry looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had Harry's knobbly knees -- Harry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.
The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them. He had a powerful kind of ache inside of him, half joy, half terrible sadness.”




“We got off at the next exit, quietly, and, switching drivers, we walked in front of the car. We met and I held him, my hands balled into tight fists around his shoulders, and he wrapped his short arms around me and squeezed tight, so that I felt the heaves of his chest as we realized over and over again that we were still alive. I realized it in waves and we held on to each other crying and I thought, 'God we must look so lame,' but it doesn't matter when you have just now realized, all the time later, that you are still alive.”



“Bob says hello," He told the stars.
The Argo II sailed into the night.”



“He was both everything I could ever want…
And nothing I could ever have…”

“Miss someone until they come back, or until you come back, until their absence in your life becomes something to be avoided at all costs. Miss them until you don’t have to anymore, until you’re reunited in your favorite booth in your favorite restaurant ordering your favorite meal, miss them until it feels like you never left. Or miss them until you can’t anymore, until the things you miss are identified and cataloged as things and not a person, until you figure out that easy company and long talks and unblinking, all-knowing eye contact will find you again the way they found you the first time. Miss someone until you don’t.”

“Though these words will never find you, I hope that you knew I was thinking of you today….. and that I was wishing you every happiness.
Love Always,
The girl you loved once.”

“It’s difficult for me to imagine the rest of my life without you. But I suppose I don’t have to imagine it... I just have to live it”

“The silence is the worst part of any fight, because it's made up of all the things we wish we could say, if only we had the guts.”



“I wouldn't have missed a single minute of it, Not for the whole world.”

“But she hadn't been able to take root. She'd remembered the wrong things, and forgotten too much. She'd remembered how to kill and how to hate, and she'd forgotten how to grow.”



“It's all right, Tessa, you can go. We love you. You can go now.'
'Why are you saying that?'
'She might need permission to die, Cal.'
'I don't want her to. She doesn't have my permission.”



“Maybe I'd always been broken and dark inside.”



“Leave the pain behind and let your life be your own again. There is a place where all time is now, and the choices are simple and always your own.
Wolves have no kings”

“God knows we’re all drawn toward what’s beautiful and broken; I have been, but some people cannot be fixed. Or if they can be, it’s only by love and sacrifice so great it destroys the giver.”



“به کجا چنین شتابان؟
گون از نسیم پرسید
- دل من گرفته زین جا
هوس سفر نداری
ز غبار این بیابان؟
- همه آرزویم اما
چه کنم که بسته پایم.
به کجا چنین شتابان؟
- به هر آن کجا که باشد
به جز این سرا، سرایم
- سفرت به خیر اما تو و دوستی، خدا را
چو از این کویر وحشت به سلامتی گذشتی
به شکوفه‌ها، به باران
برسان سلام ما را”



“I threw his framed picture off my balcony just to hear my heart break.”



“Everyone's a liar. Everyone I've ever known.”

“People aren't born sad; we make them that way.”

“I play until my fingers are blue and stiff from the cold, and then I keep on playing. Until I'm lost in the music. Until I am the music--notes and chords, the melody and harmony. It hurts, but it's okay because when I'm the music, I'm not me. Not sad. Not afraid. Not desperate. Not guilty.”



“I didn’t love you to seek revenge.
I didn’t love you out of loneliness or unhappiness.
I didn’t love you for any of the misguided reasons that time might convince you I did.
I just loved you because you’re you.”

“Astley comes to my side. "Are you well?" "No," I tell him, voice hoarse. "I am not well. I am broken inside. I am broken almost all-the-way deep, and I don't know...I don't know if I can ever be unbroken, let alone well again”.”



“ROSE: I love you, Jack.
JACK: No...don’t say your goodbyes, Rose. Don’t you give up. Don’t do it.
ROSE: I’m so cold.
JACK: You’re going to get out of this...you’re going to go on and you’re going to make babies and watch them grow and you’re going to die an old lady, warm in your bed. Not here...Not this night. Do you understand me?
ROSE: I can’t feel my body.
JACK: Rose, listen to me. Winning that ticket was the best thing that ever happened to me. It brought me to you. And I’m thankful, Rose. I’m thankful. You must do me this honor...promise me you will survive....that you will never give up...not matter what happens...no matter how hopeless...promise me now, and never let go of that promise.
ROSE: I promise.
JACK: Never let go.
ROSE: I promise. I will never let go, Jack. I’ll never let go.”



“It lit up like a Christmas Tree Hazel Grace...”



“Some things a heart won't listen to, I'm still holding out for you”

“Why are you drinking? demanded the little prince.
"So that I may forget," replied the tippler.
"Forget what?" inquired the little prince, who was already sorry for him.
"Forget that I am ashamed," the tippler confessed, hanging his head.
"Ashamed of what?" insisted the little prince, who wanted to help him.
"Ashamed of drinking!”



“If only…the saddest words in the English language.”



“Often it feels like I am breathing today only because a few years back I had no idea which nerve to cut...”

“Loving a man shouldn't have to be this rough”

“I've decided that it's possible to love someone for entirely selfless reasons, for all of their flaws and weaknesses, and still not succeed in having them love you back. It's sad, perhaps, but not tragic, unless you dwell forever in the pursuit of their elusive affections.”



“I was lonely. I felt it deeply and permanently, that this state of being on my own might never disappear. But I welcomed the lonliness, which had everything to do with being anonymous. It's never lonliness that nibbles away at a person's insides, but not having room inside themselves to be comfortably alone.”




“Rain makes me feel less alone. All rain is, is a cloud- falling apart, and pouring its shattered pieces down on top of you. It makes me feel good to know I'm not the only thing that falls apart . It makes me feel better to know other things in nature can shatter.”

“While I was looking the other way your fire went out
Left me with cinders to kick into dust
What a waste of the wonder you were
In my living fire I will keep your scorn and mine
In my living fire I will keep your heartache and mine
At the disgrace of a waste of a life”



“Sorrow spares no one, and scars respect no person.”



“Oh, darling, I've been so miserable.”



“I don't think all writers are sad, she said.
I think it's the other way around—
all sad people write.”



“I am heartbroken, but I have been heartbroken before, and this might be the best for which I can hope.”



“I feel like I'm going to HURL. Which, even if I wanted to do, I couldn't do, because I haven't eaten. I can't even drag myself out of my room. And while I'd be able to muster the strength to roundhouse Fang until he begged for MERCY, I'de be mush around an Eraser.”



“When I was a girl I would look out my bedroom window at the caterpillars; I envied them so much. No matter what they were before, no matter what happened to them, they could just hide away and turn into these beautiful creatures that could fly away completely untouched.”

“I am not collarbones or drunken letters never sent. I am not the way I leave or left or didn’t know how to handle anything,
at any time,
and I am not your fault.”

“Lucas heard a strange sound, something he hadn’t heard in months. At first it didn’t seem real, it was something distant from the past. It was the first time in nearly a year he had heard himself laugh, and it momentarily stunned him”



“Sam," she said.
"I'm trying!"
"Sam," she repeated.
"No," he spat, hearing her tone. "No!"
He began screaming for help then. Celaena pressed her face to one of the holes in the grate. Help wasn't going to come-not fast enough.
"Please," Sam begged as he beat and yanked on the grate, he tried to wedge another dagger under the lid. "Please don't."
She knew he wasn't speaking to her.
The water hit her neck.
"Please," Sam moaned, his fingers now touching hers. She'd have one last breath. Her last words.
"Take my body home to Terrasen, Sam," she whispered. And with a gasping breath, she went under.”



“I think how the world is still somehow beautiful even when I feel no joy at being alive within it. ”



“Some of the most beautiful things we have in life comes from our mistakes.”

“When your sad--like really sad--you only want to be with other people who are sad.”



“I love walking in the rain because no one can see me crying”

“How could you give me life, and take from me all the inappreciable things that raise it from the state of conscious death? Where are the graces of my soul? Where are the sentiments of my heart? What have you done, oh, Father, What have you done with the garden that should have bloomed once, in this great wilderness here? Said louisa as she touched her heart.”



“The two brothers who sought to get their only family back, to feel her warmth, one lost his last family member and the other could never feel warmth again.
The one who wanted her baby back lost chance of having one again,
And the one who had a vision to see his country change became blind.”

“I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me.”



“The more you start to love someone, the more you ache when they’re gone, and maybe it’s that middle ground that hurts the most, when you can see them and still not feel like you’re near enough.”



“Once you start down the slippery slope of depression, it's hard to climb off of it. And sometimes you don't want to climb off of it.”



“I will tell you a story, one I used to tell to a little boy with dark hair. A silent boy who rarely laughs, who listened more closely than I realized. A boy who had a name and not a title”



“The saddest word
in the whole wide world
is the word
almost
.
He was almost in love.
She was almost good for him.
He almost stopped her.
She almost waited.
He almost lived.
They
almost
made it.”

“You are cruel, Elias,” she whispers against my mouth. “To give a girl all she desires only to tear it away.”
“This isn't the end for us, Laia of Serra.” I cannot give up what we could have. I don't care what bleeding vow I made. “Do you hear me? This is not our end.”
“You've never been a liar.” She dashes her hands against the wetness in her eyes. “Don't start now.”



“I loved him," Remus said. "but he wasn't you”



“He will be someone who is defined, first and always, by what he is missing.”



“It’s times like this…. when it’s over a year later and I’m still crying over you that I want to turn to you and say: See…. This is why I asked you never to kiss me.”

“And then his noise falls completely silent-
And he stops struggling-
And looking right into my eyes-
He dies.
My Todd dies.”



“It is a very sad thing that nowadays there is so little useless information.”

“How unjust then to meet that person you love, and be kept away from them only because ones bed is made of hay , and the other, feathers.”



“Because you let our love just fall apart
You no longer have my heart”

“I'd still thought that everything I thought about that night-the shame, the fear-would fade in time. But that hadn't happened. Instead, the things that I remembered, these little details, seemed to grow stronger, to the point where I could feel their weight in my chest. Nothing, however stuck with me more than the memory of stepping into that dark room and what I found there, and how the light then took that nightmare and made it real.”




“I waited for dawn, but only because I had forgotten how hard mornings were. For a second I'd be normal. Then came the dim awareness of something off, out of place. Then the truth came crashing down and that was it for the rest of the day. Sunlight was reproof. Shouldn't I feel better than I had in the dead of night.”



“I walked down the hall and saw that [she] was sitting on the floor next to a chair. This is always a bad sign. It's a slippery slope, and it's best just to sit in chairs, to eat when hungry, to sleep and rise and work. But we have all been there. Chairs are for people, and you're not sure if you are one.”



“I had spent my whole life feeling homesick. The only difference between the two of us was that I didn't know what or where home was.”



“Like I, of all people, didn't know better than to lead a total stranger to the point where they could hurt me most, knowing how easily they'd be able to find their way back to it.”



“He knew these last lines by heart and mouthed them now in the darkness. My reason for life. Not living, but life. That was the touch. And she was his reason for life, and why he must survive.”



“Just tell me what's so irritating."(katsu)
That's none of your damn business!"(kyok)
Maybe not. But I'm curious."(katsu)
It's EVERYTHING you prick! God, you're annoying! It's everything,okay?!

EVERYTHING PISSES ME OFF!

Them! And them! And them! And YOU! Everyone and everything!I HATE YOUR GODDAMN GUTS! You just...You all treat people like garbage. But you're all just as bad!
QUIT TRYING TO ACT LIKE YOU'RE ALL FRIGGIN' PERFECT!
Leave me alone. I wish everyone would just...go. Get out of my life. I'd be better off with
YOU DEAD!
DIE! DIE! GO TO HELL! YOU DISAPPEAR! YOU FALL APART!"(kyok)
Really? I think you WANT them to care. You want them to look at you, don't you? All those people. You want them to need you. You want them.....to listen to you. To understand somehow. You want them to accept you. I think.... you want them to love you.You know something? I'm like that, too."(katsu)
... Wh-why? Why did I....turn out....like this?"(kyok)
You're asking me?"(katsu)
That's what..That's what I wanna know. Why? Why...did I..?!"(kyok)
Where did she go wrong? What was her mistake?
"I'm miserable. I feel so alone!"(kyok)
-Katsuya and Kyoko Honda”



“Turn off the light," she says as she walks away, creating a small
woosh
that smells sweet and chemical. It makes me sad because it's the smell she makes when she's leaving.”



“Depression weighs you down like a rock in a river. You don't stand a chance. You can fight and pray and hope you have the strength to swim, but sometimes, you have to let yourself sink. Because you'll never know true happiness until someone or something pulls you back out of that river--and you'll never believe it until you realize it was you, yourself who saved you.”

“If I read our story backwards, it's about how I un-broke your heart, and then we were happy until one day, you forgot about me forever.”



“If somebody hurts you, it's okay to cry a river, just remember to build a bridge and get over it.”

“No - no - no!" someone was shouting. "No! Fred! No!"
And Percy was shaking his brother, and Ron was kneeling beside them, and Fred's eyes stared without seeing, the ghost of his last laugh still etched upon his face.”



“She smirks."Are you attempting to stop me, little one?"
"Excuse me? Did you just call me 'little one'? What are you? Like, four feet tall?" I ask.”



“I always knew this story would break my heart”



“I sleep through the next day. Each time I go to the bathroom, I try not to look in the mirror. Once, I catch my reflection: it looks like I’ve been punched in both eyes.
I can’t talk about the day that follows that.”



“You and I both know that love is for children,'' he said. ''We're adults. Compatibility is for adults.''
''Compatibility is for my Bluetooth and my car,'' Teresa replied. ''Only they get along just fine, and my car never makes my bluetooth feel like shit.”



“I survive at the edge of friends circles.”



“Love me, even if it’s a lie. Leave me yet never say goodbye.”

“The moment she was cursed, I lost her. Once it wears off- soon- she will be embarrassed to remember things that she said, things she did, things like this. No matter how solid she feels in my arms, she is made of smoke.”



“My pride shut me up, my hurt shut me down, and together they ganged up on my hope and let her get away.”



“Grace: Outside, deep in the woods, I heard a long keening wail, and then another, as the wolves began to howl. More voices pitched in, some low and mournful, others high and short, an eerie and beautiful chorus. I knew my wolf's howl; his rich tone sang out above others as if begging me to hear it.
My heart ached inside me, torn between wanting them to stop and wishing they would go on for ever. I imagined myself there among them in the golden woods, watching them tilt their heads back and howl underneath a sky of endless stars. I blinked a tear away, feeling foolish and miserable, but I didn't go to sleep until every wolf had fallen silent.”



“It's easy to look at people and make quick judgements about them, their present and their pasts, but you'd be amazed at the pain and tears a single smile hides. what a person shows to the world is only one tiny facet of the iceburg hidden from sight. And more often then not, it's lined with cracks and scars that go all the way to the foundation of their soul.”



“My heart's with you, Bill, no matter how it turns out. My heart is with all of them, and I think that, even if we forget each other, we'll remember in our dreams.”



“It doesn't sound so far-fetched, right? When two people love each other? While a part of me still wants to believe it's possible, I know it's not going to happen”



“It hurts to let go, to say goodbye for the final time and remain distant in your closure, it may even tear your heart out to the point of insanity; but somehow in it all you find the pieces of your worth and you start creating yourself again, and in that journey of transformation you find the essence of what truly matters, inner happiness. It's life, we all fall at some stage but it's up to you, to decide how long you want to stay there.”

“My tears brought no sense of release or relief. Their flight felt like the lightest, coldest touch of a departing lover.”



“Everyone I say stop bullying it is sad and tears someones heart apart and next thing they do is Suicide because they think that is the right next step!
If you are a Person who gets bullied find someone who will stop this! Don't just kill yourself for the other person to be happy because you are gone! They are just jealous of you and want to start problems and make you a troublemaker! Ignore those mean cruel evil people in you life and spend time with the nice caring sweet loving angels of yours! :D
Because bullying is a dumb and stupid waste of time!
Try to shake it off the mean hurtful stuff and keep on doing the right stuff that is going to help you become a better person and when i say a better person i mean more than a better person!
~Skye Daphne~”



“So don't fall in love, there's just too much to lose; if you're given the chance then I'm begging you choose to walk away, walk away, don't let it get you. I can't bear to see the same thing happen to you.”

“It's a good story,' he said. He even grinned at me. 'I'll tell you.'
'Please,' I said.
And then he did.”



“I strongly believe that love is the answer and that it can mend even the deepest unseen wounds. Love can heal, love can console, love can strengthen, and yes, love can make change.”




“You think you're lost but you're not lost on your own. You're not alone. I will stand by you, I will help you through when you’ve done all you can do.
If you can’t cope, I will dry your eyes
I will fight your fight, I will hold you tight and I wont let go”

“But the wild things cried, “Oh please don’t go - we’ll eat you up - we love you so!”
And Max said, “No!”
The wild things roared their terrible roars and gnashed their terrible teeth and rolled their terrible eyes and showed their terrible claws but Max stepped into his private boat and waved goodbye.”

“There was no other way to say it. After being heartbroken for so long, I had made myself completely numb inside. Maybe not from physical pain, but anything emotional, yes. Sexual pleasure? Numb to that, too. I’d have been a great actress. After all, I had the perfect, mind-blowing orgasm down to an art. Suppose I deserve an Oscar for that.”

“It wasn't that she was sad—sadness had very little to do with it, really, considering that most of the time, she felt close to nothing at all. Feeling required nerves, connections, sensory input. The only thing she felt was numb. And tired. Yes, she very frequently felt tired.”



“I would give anything, anything, to be the man to whom this has not happened. I can not accommodate myself to it. In a lifetime of trying, I can not accommodate myself to it.
And now I will have to be that person forever.”



“Sometimes when things are particularly bad, my brain will give me a happy dream. [...] When I fully awaken, I'm momentarily comforted. I try to hold on to the peaceful feeling of the dream, but it quickly slips away, leaving me sadder than ever.”



“Hedwig didn't return until the end of the Easter holidays. Percy's letter was enclosed in a package of Easter eggs that Mrs. Weasley had sent. Both Harry's and Ron's were the size of dragon eggs, and full of home-made toffee. Hermione's, however, was smaller than a chicken's egg. Her face fell when she saw it.
"Your mum doesn't read Witch's Weekly, by any chance, does she, Ron?" she asked quietly.
"Yeah," said Ron, whose mouth was full of toffee. "Gets it for the recipes."
Hermione looked sadly at her tiny egg.”



“Have all beautiful things sad destinies?”



“I'd been making desicions for days.
I picked out the dress Bailey would wear forever-
a black slinky one- innapropriate- that she loved.
I chose a sweater to go over it, earrings, bracelet, necklace,
her most beloved strappy sandals.
I collected her makeup to give to the funeral director with a recent photo-
I thought it would be me that would dress her;
I didn't think a strange man should see her naked
touch her body
shave her legs
apply her lipstick
but that's what happened all the same.
I helped Gram pick out the casket,
the plot at the cemetery.
I changed a few lines
in the obituary that Big composed.
I wrote on a piece of paper what I thought
should go on the headstone.
I did all this without uttering a word.
Not one word, for days,
until I saw Bailey before the funeral
and lost my mind.
I hadn't realized that when people say so-and-so
snapped
that's what actually happens-
I started shaking her-
I thought I could wake her up
and get her the hell out of that box.
When she didn't wake,
I screamed: Talk to me.
Big swooped me up in his arms,
carried me out of the room, the church,
into the slamming rain,
and down to the creek
where we sobbed together
under the black coat he held over our heads
to protect us from the weather.”



“Their love for me was both a myth and a torture and so I wrecked everything. I hurt them, and I left them hurting.”



“Eyes so young, so full of pain ... Two lonely drops of winter rain ... And no tear could these eyes sustain ... For too much had they seen.”

“I sat up and wiped my eyes, cursing the damned faeries and their eternal war. It seemed there was never enough time. Time to dance, or talk, or laugh, or even mourn the passing of a friend. Slipping off my corsage, I laid it on Ironhorse’s cold metal shoulder, wanting him to have something natural and beautiful in this lifeless place.Goodbye, Ironhorse.”



“كـُل المدن تتساوى إذا دخلناهـا بتأشرة حُـزن”

“People are too various to be treated so lightly. I am too various to be trusted.”



“I try to do something positive – I socialise more…
But deep down I know the truth.
An entire world of people can never replace the one that I’ve lost.”

“People only picked the pretty, sweet-smelling flowers. The ones with thorns were left alone.”



“Kathy was a Republican, one of those people who used the unforgivable phrase "meant to be"--usually when describing her own good fortune or the disasters that had befallen other people.”



“We've already been killed, all of us. It happened so long ago, we've forgotten it.”



“It's much easier not to know things sometimes.”



“It’s just that you go so crazy being alone like that. Sometimes he’d forget my water or food and I’d cry and cry and cry.” She stops talking and looks out the window. “I would try to tell myself stories to pass the time. Fairy tales. Parts of books. But they got used up.”



“But more words tumble out. 'You're a painter. You're a baker. You like to sleep with the windows open. You never take sugar in your tea. And you always double-knot your shoelaces.'
Then I dive into my tent before I do something stupid like cry.”



“Tiffany has been apprenticing as a witch by visiting people in need with her mentor. After meeting with one particularly sad case, she tells her mentor, "It shouldn't be like this." Her mentor replies, "There isn't a way things should be. There's just what happens, and what we do.”



“My wandering has led me to the beginning of our journey together. I suppose it's only fitting for me to be here at that journey's end.”



“God created every man to be free. The ability to choose whether to live free or enslaved, right or wrong, happy or in fear is something called freewill. Every man was born with freewill. Some people use it, and some people use any excuse not to. Nobody can turn you into a slave unless you allow them. Nobody can make you afraid of anything, unless you allow them. Nobody can tell you to do something wrong, unless you allow them. God never created you to be a slave, man did. God never created division or set up any borders between brothers, man did. God never told you hurt or kill another, man did. And in the end, when God asks you: "Who told you to kill one of my children?"
And you tell him, "My leader."
He will then ask you, "And are THEY your GOD?”



“His absence is so big it's like he's there.”



“Stay I whisper to him. Stay in the car. Stay in this moment. But of course he never does.”



“This time I read the title of the painting: Girl Interrupted at Her Music. Interrupted at her music: as my life had been, interrupted in the music of being seventeen, as her life had been, snatched and fixed on canvas: one moment made to stand still and to stand for all the other moments, whatever they would be or might have been. What life can recover from that?”



“You sound so miserable.”
“All novelists are.”

“It's shitty I guess. They're my friends. But... everything I want to talk about I can't say to them. It feels so separate, like I've touched something that's taken the color out of me.”



“And do you know Monsieur Marius? I believe I was a little in love with you.”




“Darling, I don't want you; I've got no place for you; I only want what you give. I don't want the whole of anyone.... What you want is the whole of me-isn't it, isn't it?-and the whole of me isn't there for anybody. In that full sense you want me I don't exist.”



“I got an A on the third quiz in American history,
an A,
dammit.
Last time I got a B
up from a C
and my father said,
"if you can get a C
you can get a B,
if you can get a B
you can get an A."-
I got an A
and my father said,
"grades don't mean anything.”



“One of the most difficult things he'd ever done was turn away and leave her standing in the shadows.”



“But somebody else had spoken Snape’s name, quite softly.
“Severus . . .”
The sound frightened Harry beyond anything he had experienced all evening. For the first time, Dumbledore was pleading.
Snape gazed for a moment at Dumbledore, and there was revulsion and hatred etched in the harsh lines of his face.
“Severus . . . please . . .”
Snape raised his wand and pointed it directly at Dumbledore.
“
Avada Kedavra!
”
A jet of green light shot from the end of Snape’s wand and hit Dumbledore squarely in the chest. Harry’s scream of horror never left him; silent and unmoving, he was forced to watch as Dumbledore was blasted into the air. For a split second, he seemed to hang suspended beneath the shining skull, and then he fell slowly backward, like a great rag doll, over the battlements and out of sight.”



“I wasn't safe. I wasn't permanent. My life was a fiction I had created, like an alien who comes to earth and tries to pass as human. The affections of my friends meant nothing to me, directed, as they were, toward a person who wasn't there. There was nobody home.”



“The dead aren't scary. They are just sad.”



“If you had one day left to live, what would you do?”



“Maybe you should say goodbye, Cal.'
'No.'
'It might be important.'
'It might make her die.”



“Do you want this to be a love story?”



“Which was how Britteny ended up nestled next to Mickey, under the shelter of a painter's drop cloth.
She felt no pain.
She saw no light.
She heard, but barely.
Her heart was still and silent.
Yet she did not die.”



“Childhood is the most valuable thing that's taken away from you in life, if you think about it.”



“The problem with loneliness is that, unlike other forms of human suffering, it teaches us nothing, leads us nowhere, and generally devalues us in our own eyes and the eyes of others.”



“Fireheart dashed to the warrior's side. Cloudtail was standing stiff-legged, every hair in his pelt on end as if he were facing an enemy. His eyes were fixed on the limp heap of tabby fur huddled at his paws.
"Why, Fireheart?" Cloudtail wailed. "Why her?"
Fireheart knew, but rage and grief made it hard to speak. "Because Tigerstar wants the pack to get a taste of cat blood," he rasped.
The dead cat lying in front of them was Brindleface.”



“I feel the monster of grief again, writhing in the empty space where my heart and stomach used to be. I gasp, pressing both palms to my chest. Now the monstrous thing has its claws around my throat, squeezing my airway. I twist and put my head between my knees, breathing until the strangled feeling leaves me.”



“And then I crawled into his unmade bed, wrapping myself in his comforter like a cocoon, surrounding myself with his smell. I took out my cannula so I could smell better, breathing him and out, the scent fading even as I lay there, my chest burning until I couldn't distinguish among the pains.”



“You were the hardest year of my life and I’ve never been so happy. What does that say about me?”

“2AM where do i begin,
Crying off my face again,
The silent sound of lonliness,
Wants to follow me to bed”

“Do not feel sad for your tears as rocks never regret the waterfalls”

“Shinji slowly fell forward onto his face. Debris bounced up on impact. It took less than thirty seconds for the rest of his body to die. The memento of his beloved uncle--the earring worn by the woman he loved--was now stained with the blood running down Shinji's left ear, reflecting the glow from the red flames of the farm building.
And so the boy known as the Third Man, Shinji Mimura, was dead.”



“Isn't it always the things that you can't see that hurt you?”



“I am metaphysical being, mystical and emotional, skeptical and cynical, happy and boisterous, loud and bawdy, quiet and melancholy, tender and cruel, full of mirth and despair. Inherent inconsistences mark me as part of nature, which is neither cruel nor fair, or reliable or predictable.”



“Taking a sip of the hot chocolate he'd made her, she met his gaze, those eerie eyes of endless black impenetrable, unreadable.
"Max?"
"Yes?"
"Will you remember me?"
His heart broke into a thousand pieces. "Always.”



“The steel door of the incinerator went up and the muted hum of the eternal fire became a red roaring. The heat lunged out at them like a famished beast. Then Rahel's Ammu was fed to it. Her hair, her skin, her smile. Her voice. They way she used Kipling to love her children before putting them to bed: We be of one blood, though and I. Her goodnight kiss. The way she held their faces steady with one hand (squashed-cheeked, fish-mouthed) while she parted and combed their hair with the other. The way she held knickers out for Rahel to climb into. Left leg, right leg. All this was fed to the beast, and it was satisfied.
She was their Ammu and their Baba and she had loved them Double.”



“Don't they always go from bad to worse? There's no turning back--your
old self rejects you, and shuts you out. ~Lilly Bart”



“I tried to find a way to go on. I could see familiar traces of the path that was my life, but there was always the wall behind me. Do you know what I mean? First you try and climb, pretending it never happened, but it's too tall. Then you try to go around, thinking you can fix it, but it is too far. Then, in frustration, you beat on it with your hands, but it does nothing, so you tire and sit down and just stare at it. You stare because you can't bring yourself to walk away. Walking away means that you're giving up, abandoning them.
"There is no way back. There is only forward. It's impossible to imagine there's any reason to move ahead, but that isn't the real reason you give up. The real fear--the terror that keeps you rooted--is that you might be wrong."
--Myron, Monk of Maribor”

“Had I known but yesterday what I know today,
I’d have taken out your two gray eyes
And put in eyes of clay;
And had I known but yesterday you’d be no more my own
I’d have taken out your heart of flesh
And put in one of stone”

“Who knew there were still people like that in this world, though? Everybody wants to talk about themselves, and everybody wants to hear everybody else's story, so we take turns playing reporter and celebrity. 'It must have made you very sad when your own father raped you - can you describe some of your feelings at the time? Yes, I wept and wept, wonder why something like this had to happen to me'. It's like that. Everyone's running around comparing wounds, like bodybuilders showing off their muscles. And what's really unbelievable is that they really believe they can heal the wounds like that, just by putting them on display.”



“That was it. Shogo stopped breathing. The dim yellow light falling from the ceiling of the pilothouse shone on his pale face. He seemed at ease.
"Shogo!" Shuya yelled. He still had more to say. "You'll see Keiko! You'll be happy with her! You're--"
It was too late. Shogo couldn't hear anything anymore. But his face just looked so damned peaceful.
"Damn it." Shuya's lips trembled along with his words. "Damn it."
Holding Shogo's hands, Noriko was crying.
Shuya also put his hand on Shogo's thick hand. A thought occured to him. He searched through Shogo's pockets and found the red bird call. He pressed it into Shogo's right hand and closed his hands over it so he could hold it. Shuya then finally burst into tears.”



“ORESTES: Never shall I see you again.
ELECTRA: Nor I see myself in your eyes.
ORESTES: This, the last time I'll talk with you ever.
ELECTRA: O my homeland, goodbye. Goodbye to you, women of home.
ORESTES: Most loyal of sisters, do you leave now?
ELECTRA: I leave with tears blurring all that I see.”



“This is what I want so don't be sad.”




“That old feeling is still in my leaking heart.”

“I decided I would fill the emptiness in me with God and with paint.”

“You can't run away from home without destroying somebody's world.”



“She was completely alone in the world. There was no one at all for her. No one in the world who cared whether she lived or died. Sometimes the horror of that thought threatened to overwhelm her and plunge her down into a bottomless darkness from which there would be no return. If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?”



“true apothecary thy drugs art quick”



“The sky was so blue I couldn’t look at it because it made me sad, swelling tears in my eyes and they dripped quietly on the floor as I got on with my day. I tried to keep my focus, ticked off the to-do list, did my chores. Packed orders, wrote emails, paid bills and rewrote stories,
but the panic kept growing, exploding in my chest. Tears falling on the desk
tick tick tick
me not making a sound
and some days I just don't know what to do. Where to go or who to see and I try to be gentle, soft and kind,
but anxiety eats you up and I just want to be fine.”

“My mind is the only sanctuary that has not been stolen from me. Men have tried to breach it before, but I've learned to defend it vigorously, for I am only safe with my innermost thoughts.”

“What does this say about the life you've lived, then?'
'Part of it— just part of it —was a coma, but I prefer to call it a parallel life. It sounds better. Problem is that most of us have— live, that is—more than two parallel lives.”



“Walking away from my desert companions feels like cutting off a limb. How does one say good-bye to an arm? One doesn't, I suppose. One pretends it isn't happening.”



“Fury ignited behind my breastbone , a hot glow like coals blooming into something sharp and dangerous. It was the same old crap- someone thinking they can push you around because you're young, because you're helpless. You had to just sit there and take it because you were under a certain number , because you weren't a real person yet; you could be picked up and dropped like a toy, left behind or thrown away...”



“And then it hits me: I've lost you. You now rank among the things I'll always regret: opportunities lost, children never had, things I might have accomplished or done far better, lovers who have come and gone.”



“Fireheart tensed, waiting for whatever had hunted down these apprentices to emerge from the trees and attack, but nothing stirred. Feeling as if his legs hardly belonged to him, he sprang down and stumbled across to Swiftpaw.
The apprentice lay on his side, his legs splayed out. His black-and-white fur was torn, and his body was covered with dreadful wounds, ripped by teeth far bigger than any cat's. His jaws still snarled and his eyes glared. He was dead, and Fireheart could see that he had died fighting.”



“whats here a cup closed in my true loves hand poisin i see hath been his timeless end. oh churl drunk all and left no friendly drop to help me after. i will kiss thy lips some poisin doth hang on them, to help me die with a restorative. thy lips are warm.
yea noise then ill be brief oh happy dagger this is thy sheath. there rust and let me die.”

“What mattered was stil there. That was what they all felt, and what surprised them all. What mattered couldnt be shaken.”



“My phone rang, and although it wasn't a sinister time of night, and although nothing had happened that I would later see as foreshadowing, I knew, I knew.”



“I've never been the most important thing to anybody - not even myself.”

“These times of woe afford no time to woo.”



“The cats at the edge of the clearing were staring up at the sky, their eyes huge with fear. As he looked upward, Fireheart heard the beating of wings and saw a hawk circling above the trees, its harsh cry drifting on the air. At the same time he realized that one cat had not taken shelter; Snowkit was tumbling and playing in the middle of the open space.
"Snowkit!" Speckletail yowled desperately.”



“Jaykit is blind...”



“It is far more painful to awake from a beautiful slumber and – in that brief period when the continuity of life is still lost to you – to reach across the bed for a hand that is not there.”



“Dust Glitter Rain”



“[Fireheart] was interrupted by a screech from Cloudtail. "Fireheart! Fireheart, Brightpaw isn't dead!"
Fireheart spun around and raced across the clearing to crouch beside Brightpaw. Her white-and-ginger fur, which, she had always kept so neatly groomed, was spiky with drying blood. On one side of her face the fur was torn away, and there was blood where her eye should have been. One ear had been shredded, and there were huge claw marks scored across her muzzle.”



“You could drown a kitten in her blue eyes.”



“Cut my life into pizzas. this is my plastic fork. oven baking, no breathing, dont give a fuck if its carbs that i'm eating' -Catherine Spann”

“Happiness is an illusion, Natalie. It doesn't actually exist."
"Of course it does," I said. "It's what you feel when you're not sad."
"That's unconsciousness. And I'm pretty sure that I'm miserable when I am unconscious, too.”



“Did life treat everyone so wantonly, ripping the good things to pieces while letting bad things fester and grow like fungus”



“I ate all of my husbands. First I ate their love, then their will, then their despair, and then I made pies of their bodies - and those bodies were so dear to me!”



“That girl had two chances. And both of us let her down.”



“Nehemia was gone. That vibrant, fierce, loving soul; the princess who had been called the Light of Eyllwe; the woman who had been a beacon of hope—just like that, as if she were no more than a wisp of candlelight, she was gone.
When it had mattered most Celaena hadn't been there.
Nehemia was gone.”



“No day shall erase you from the memory of time”

“I'm sorry you don't want to know me anymore. I will spend the rest of my life regretting the fact that I wasted my second chance to know you. And I will always be conscious of your absence."- Gabriel to Julia.”




“I would have followed you to hell and back... if only you'd lead me back.”

“Your smile and your laughter lit my whole world.”

“I grieve nothing. I take everything.”



“I thought about you all the time. I used to pray that you’d live to be a hundred years old. I didn’t know. I didn’t know that you were ashamed of me.”

“When he was dry, he believed it was alcohol he needed, but when he had a few drinks in him, he knew it was something else, possibly a woman; and when he had it all -- cash, booze, and a wife -- he couldn't be distracted from the great emptiness that was always falling through him and never hit the ground.”

“When the devil waged war in the heavens, even angels had to fall.”



“I died a lot
to live a little
with you”

“For the music to be over so soon. For the music to be over when it had just begun. That was really sad.”



“Waste is Criminal.”



“May be its mine bad-luck
Or yours not to get me
But I still have hope
Of being yours”



“I know how to be the witness to her grief. I don't know how to be this kind of villain.”



“And his eyes frighten me, too. They're the eyes of an old man, an old man who's seen so much in life that he no longer cares to go on living. They're not even desperate... just quiet and expectant, and very, very lonely, as if he were quite alone of his own free choice.”



“When Brocker arrived he took her hands and held them to his face and cried into them.”



“With Dante gone, time seemed to stand still around me; the mornings just as cloudy and dark as the evenings, as if the sun had never decided to rise. There was no wind, like the world was holding its breath along with me, waiting for him to return.”



“... me paso tanto tiempo esforzándome para no decepcionar a la gente… Y qué pasa con lo que yo quiero, ¿eh?”



“The sky was electric blue above the trees but the yard felt dark. Stephanie went to the edge of the lawn and sat her forehead on her knees. The grass and soil were still warm from the day. She wanted to cry but she couldn't. The feeling was too deep.”



“. . . And as fall turned to winter, the Darlington peach trees started dropping their leaves again, gently, like they were letting them go. It wasnt the same as giving them up. It wasnt the same as losing them.”



“It's just the end of some things.
And the beginning of others.”



“... You have to pull the feet to break the neck. They let the loved ones do it.”



“You Will Never Live A Perfect Life - Getting In A Relationship Is Like Diving In A Sea, You Can Drown And Whales And Sharks Can Kill You. On The Other Hand, Being Single Is Like Staying Away From That Water, You Will Starve.”

“I'm so sorry," he whispered to her, knowing she couldn't hear. I'm so sorry."
Her mouth moved, working to speak, and he leaned in to make out what she was trying to say.
"Me ... too," she whispered. "I only ever ... cared for...”



“No, Sky. You didn't tell her everything…you told you everything. Those things happened to you, not to someone else. They happened to Hope. They happened to Sky. They happened to the best friend that I loved all those years ago, and they happened to the best friend I love who’s looking back at me right now.”



“For you where never my blood sister so no more shall I call you little sister”



“And it was sad music fit to make you cut your throat.”



“You are my son Dantés! You are the child of my captivity. My priestly office condemned me to celibacy: God sent you to me both to console the man who could not be a father and the prisoner who could not be free”



“There's no crying in the rank book.”

“When the gates of mockery and abuse is opened, the heart becomes a shock absorber”

“Life is too short to be anything but happy. So kiss slowly. Love deeply. Forgive quickly. Take chances and never have regrets. Forget the past but remember what it taught you.”



“My purpose, my whole life, had been to love him and be with him, to make him happy. I didn’t want to cause any unhappiness now—in that way, I decided it was probably better than he wasn’t here to see this, though I missed him so much at that moment the ache of it was as bad as the strange pains in my belly.”




“I am living in hell from one day to the next. But there is nothing I can do to escape. I don't know where I would go if I did. I feel utterly powerless, and that feeling is my prision. I entered of my own free will, I locked the door, and I threw away the key.”

“This is the real way a friendship ends. Not with some huge screaming row, but with a gradual withdrawal. You’d think it would be less painful this way.”



“Regret; The saddest word in the English language.”



“You felt a deep sorrow, the kind of melancholy you feel when you're in a beautiful place and the sun is going down”



“I have always wanted to give you the world, so I started giving you pieces of the oceans that kept us apart.”



“I hope the dogs don't bark tonight. I always think it's mine”



“I had a hundred and seventeen days in which to convince Will Traynor that he had a reason to live.”



“In my time,” he said, “they believed in witches. Are you a witch, Honor, that you make me say these things to you?”
Causing him to rip open wounds that had stayed safely scabbed over for so long that, most of the time, he managed to forget they existed.
Her hands, so very, very gentle, continued to hold his face as she tugged him down until their foreheads touched.
“I’m no witch, Dmitri. If I was, I’d know how to fix you.”



“This isn’t a church social, Sweetheart. You aren’t going to be able to save me this time.”



“That was what happened to laughter when you caged it. It became unbearably sad. It was worse than crying.”



“I watch my loved ones weep with sorrow,
death's silent torment of no tomorrow.
I feel their hearts breaking, I sense their despair,
United in misery, the grief that they share.
How do I show that, I am not gone...
but the essence of life's everlasting song
Why do they wee? Why do they cry?
I'm alive in the wind and I am soaring high.
I am sparkling light dancing on streams,
a moment of warmth in the fays of sunbeams.
The coolness of rain as it falls on your face,
the whisper of leaves as wind rushes with haste.
Eternal Song, a requiem by Avian of Celieria
from Crown of Crystal Flame by C.L. Wilson”



“All the color had been leached from Winterfell until only grey and white remained.
The Stark colors.
Theon did not know whether he ought to find that ominous or reassuring. Even the sky was grey.
The eyes of the bride were brown.
Big and brown and full of fear.

”



“I was running in circles, I hurt myself, just to find my purpose. Everything was so worthless, I didn't deserve this, but to me you were perfect.”

“Getting up means leaving,” I say.
“Yeah,” Rufus says.
“Leaving means dying,” I say.
“Nah. Leaving means living before you die. Let’s bounce.”



“Sad things happen. They do. But we don't need to live sad forever.”

“Have you ever gotten so sad that it actually feels GOOD to do something you know will make you even sadder?”



“...alone is such a nebulous state when one is queen.”



“I will always love you Drizzt Do'Urden my life was full and without regret because I knew you and was completed by you. Sleep well, my love.”

“Success and failure can both make you lose appetite and concentration, don't let it bother or over-excite you, just think them away as a mere thing that had just happened, and get along with your life.”

“Jolly felt salty tears on her lips, and for the first time in her life it occurred to her that sorrow tasted exactly like the sea.”



“Sometimes I wonder, that one missing sock after doing laundry, is the smart one. After being unhappy for so long, it finally walks away from a frayed, worn-out relationship.”

“Being sad with the right people is better than being happy with the wrong ones.”

“I am six years old and instead of celebrating with birthday cakes, I chew on a piece of charcoal. ”

“Laughter is a good way to hide pain"- Leo Valdez”

“The only constant in our marriage is the edge of the cliff we're hanging on to, killing time until we tire ourselves out and give in to our inevitable collapse.”



“I was asleep for almost ten years. And then this big goober with all these fucking weird animals moved into my house, and I was suddenly awake.”



“I'm losing weight, you notice, Pop?”



“It had happened. I had brought the dream out into reality and it had dissolved. It was just a dream and had found no purchase in the real world where it was dependent on other people for its realization. I wished that I could have sucked my words back inside where they had lived a colorful life of promise, had been nurtured by hope, and had never been tested”



“But this gives no proper idea of my feelings at all; and no one that has not lived such a retired stationary life as mine, can possibly imagine what they were: hardly even if he has known what it is to awake some morning, and find himself in Port Nelson, in New Zealand, with a world of waters between himself and all that knew him.”



“The last time I felt alive – I was looking into your eyes.
Breathing your air…. touching your skin…
… Saying goodbye….
The last time I felt alive…. I was dying.”

“You are all the colours in one, at full brightness.”




“What broke your heart so bad
That you had to close every door,
That you say you have a dark soul
And can't utter the word 'love' anymore?”

“A flower bloomed already wilting. Beginning its life with an early ending.”



“From midnight to 4: 00 AM is the loneliest time in the world. Because for those of us too sad to sleep, the only thing we have to look at is an empty bed, and the only thing we have to think of is every single person who didn't want to fill it tonight.”

“It were a grief so brief to part with thee.
Farewell.”



“Sadness flies on the wings of the morning, and out of the heart of darkness comes the light.”

“My mother always wanted to live near the water," she said. "She said it's the one thing that brings us all together. That I can have my toe in the ocean off the coast of Maine, and a girl my age can have her toe in the ocean off the coast of Africa, and we would be touching. On opposite sides of the world.”



“--perhaps monsters were misunderstood gods; deities with plans too grand for humans; a phantom of evil that drank from the roots of good.”



“Stephanie could see the greed seep into the watery eyes of her
father’s other brother, a horrible little man called Fergus, as he
nodded sadly and spoke sombrely and pocketed the silverware
when he thought no one was looking”



“A feeling is not bottomless. once felt all the way through,a great peace greets you there”

“In the end we're all miserable. It's a human condition.”



“On those nights, the words were for me alone. They came up unbidden from my heart. They spilled over my tongue and spilled out my mouth. And because of them, I, who was nothing and nobody, was a prince of Denmark, a maid of Verona, a queen of Egypt. I was a sour misanthrope, a beetling hypocrite, a conjurer's daughter, a mad and murderous king.”



“Eventually, I’ll grow sick and perish. Die on the floor, a young girl—who even when in the presence of company, still feels the loneliness that looms over her heart.”



“David looked at me, then, the regret plain on his face. No matter what I said, we both knew the hard truth. We do our best. We try. And usually, it makes no difference at all”



“I was abused my family was the "brady bunch”



“When a husband loses his wife, they call him a widower. When a wife loses her husband, they call her a widow. And when somebody’s parents die, they call them an orphan. But there is no name for a parent, a grieving mother, or a devastated father who have lost their child. Because the pain behind the loss is so immeasurable and unbearable, that it cannot be described in a single word. It just cannot be described.”



“In Hollywood, we're always looking for the next big thing that will help us feel fulfilled. As actors, we're always trying to be someone else. Things like therapy help us learn how to be ourselves. Sometimes.”



“What exists beneath the sea?
I’d always pictured it in colors of emerald and aquamarine, where black velvet fish with sequined eyes swim among plankton.
But, when my eyes adjust, I see gray stones, lost anchors, wet wood, buttons, hooks, and eyes, the salem witches who wouldn’t float, stars and stripes, missing vessels, windup toys, the souls of Romeo and Juliet, peaches, cream, pistons, screams, cages of ribs and birds, tunnels, nutcracker soldiers, satin bows, drugstore signs, Pandora box ripped open at its hinges.”



“Pets reflect you like mirrors. When you are happy, you can see your dog smiling and when you are sad, your cat cries.”

“But I don't know how to fight. All I know how to do is stay alive.”

“which is pretty pathetic, to be honest. which is what i am. i shouldn't be surprised at myself.”



“Mokona: Please! Fai is about to die!
Yûko!

Fai: Y... You... can't... While I'm still ailve... Syaoran-kun's magic still lives. Even half of that power is too much... Nothing... will be able to stop him.
Mokona:
Fai!!
Kurogane: *punches hole in wall* Who told you to make that decision now?!
Mokona: No! Kurogane!! *Kurogane grabs Fai by the collar*
Fai: Sorry... *Fai collapses*
Kurogane: Witch... Is there any way to keep him from dying?
Yûko: Yes, there is.”



“Carmelia Montiel, a twenty-year-old virgin, had just bathed in orange-blossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on Pilar Ternera's bed when the shot rang out. Aureliano José had been destined to find with her the happiness that Amaranta had denied him, to have seven children, and to die in her arms of old age, but the bullet that entered his back and shattered his chest had been directed by a wrong interpretation of the cards.”

“I burned all our bridges - not knowing that love knows how to swim.”

“Oh, Caddy," said Saffron miserably.
"I know. It's awful. But I'm going. We all should."
"It will be so sad."
"You have to be sad sometimes," said Caddy. "Whatever Dad says. He may be right. Granddad probably had totally lost his marbles, but I am still sad and I'm still going to the funeral. I shall be as unhappy as I like and I shall where black.”



“One by one they dissapeared Pumpkin last of all.
The last May saw of himwas his sad face under his waving tuft of hair and then his long fingers,reaching out toward her for a hug that would never happen now as they turned around the bend.”



“When you're emotionally weak, but psychically smiling. When you want to be loved but can't be loved. When you try to feel special, but realize you're just one out of many. When you cry about every little obstacle and disappointment. But hey I'm fine”

“I catch a glimpse of how much I've withdrawn from her. I know she doesn't for a minute resent it or blame me, but it must have been hard on her; she's lost me as well as Freddie, in a way. I make a mental note that one day, when I am better, I'll tell her how sometimes, on the dark days, she's been the only light I could see.”



“you wake up wondering if you want to move or not, you probably don't and when someone asks you " are you ok?" you just walk off wanting to die any second but you don't so the pain just gets worse and worse.”

“I have poured my heart out ….
And now I am empty.”

“The only place I ever felt at home was with you. There isn’t a place for me anywhere anymore… I’ve been evicted.”

“We are traveling down a path with no happy ending, and it's too late to turn around.”




“Love, he told himself, was open to interpretation like any other abstract indulgence but followed the same principles everywhere, irrespective of everything else. One, either won or lost in love, there was no bridge in between, and he decided he had lost, lost to himself, if not to her.”

“I don't have to kill myself, living my life is just the same.”

“He was not in the house. He did not come back that night. Days went by, and at last she understood that he would not return at all.”



“Sometimes the sound of silence is the most deafening sound of all.”

“She had to go," said Rose.
"It was because of her angel," said Indigo.
"And because of Granddad," added Caddy.
"And because of her nose stud."
"And because her name isn't on the color chart."
"She's lonely," said Rose. "That's why.”



“Where do we record the passing of wildlife? Who mourns the silent deaths of the small?”

“What’s her name? Claire, what’s her name?”



“No. Ye loved him. I canna hold it against either of you that ye mourn him. And it gives me some comfort to know ..." He hesitated, and I reached up to smooth the rumpled hair off his face.
"To know what?"
"That should the need come, you might mourn for me that way," he said softly.”



“And you find some way to survive
And you find out you don't have to be happy at all..
To be happy you're alive.”

“This was the lesson we kept learning over and over and over, the lesson our mother was best capable of teaching us. Love—whatever else it might or might not be—was fleeting. Love stormed into your life and occupied it, it took over every corner of your soul, made itself comfortable, made itself wanted, then treasured, then necessary, love did all of this and then it did next the only thing it had left to do, it retreated, it vanished, it left no trace of itself. Love was horrifying.”

“Grief embraced him and welcomed him back, showering tears upon his arrival.”

“I won't let you go! I love you, Dog!'
'There will be other dogs and friends, and loves' whispered the Dog. 'You have found your family, your heritage, and you have earned a high place in the world. I love you too, but my time with you has passed.”



“It is sad that people need alcohol to make them happy.”

“Love is like a flower. Its upright when its in harmony and withered when its dead.”

“
Ah,
ka-lyrra,
I look at you and you make me want to live a man's life with you. To wake with you and sleep with you, argue with you and make love with you, to get a silly human job and take walks in the park and live so tiny beneath such a vast sky.
But I will never stay with another human woman and water her die. Never.
--FROM THE (GREATLY REVISED) BLACK EDITION OF THE O'CALLAGHAN
Book of the Sin Siriche Du
”



“Some people are severely lonely, all they can do is accept the single life as an example of being free and happy.”

“Cassandra wondered at the mind's cruel ability to toss up flecks of the past. Why, as she neared her life's end, her grandmother's head should ring with the voices of people long since gone. Was it always this way? Did those with passage booked on death's silent ship always scan the dock for faces of the long-departed?”



“We can't be sad for her," she murmured. "Only for ourselves at having to say good-bye.”



“Many people will tell that it is not for a man to cry, but they may not know how is to feel your head empty and only tears will come out to stand up for you.”

“She smells of her cooking and the perfume Eau d'Hadrien. My mother wore it, too. She used to cook, like Lili. Our house smelled of garlic and thyme instead of sadness.”



“Was I sticking around because I really wanted to be with Austin, or because I was afraid no one else would want to be with me?”



“A broom that was almost never used was leaned up against the wall. He took it and started to sweep. Dust flew up his nose. When he had been sweeping for a while he realised he had no dustpan. He swept the pile of dust under the couch. Better to have a little shit in the corners than a clean hell. He flipped through the pages of a porno, put it back. Wound his scarf around his neck until his head felt like it was about to explode, released it. Got up and took a few steps on the rug. Sank to his knees, prayed to god.”



“we were never here nor there, never allowed to be happy or allowed to be sad.
Darkness and light, black and white, good and evil. Memories and new experiences were polar opposites requiring the same host: you.”



“She said that everything that disappeared from our side went over to theirs, where they kept living normal lives, waiting for the things still lingering with us to join them, and make the world whole once more.”



“All work and no play will make you sad and grey!”

“He was still so very young. Faeries—true faeries, not their changeling throwaways—live forever, and when you have an eternity of adulthood ahead of you, you linger over childhood. You tend it and keep it close to your heart, because once it ends, it’s over. Quentin was barely fifteen. He’d never seen the Great Hunt that came down every twenty-one years, or been present for the crowning of a King or Queen of Cats, or announced his maturity before the throne of High King Aethlin. He was a child, and he should have had decades left to play; a century of games and joy and edging cautiously toward adulthood.
But he didn’t. I could see his childhood dying in his eyes as he looked at me, silently begging me to answer for him.”



“My brain hurts and I cry all the time. I don't want to be here on Earth for one moment longer.”



“I'm tired of making people sad and I'm tired of disappointing them and I'm tired of seeing them break. I have seen this too many times. He will be the last.”




“I no longer pursue happiness, for it alludes me in every occasion. It is as if I'm trying to find something that is invisible, and sometimes I can't help to wonder if I'm the only one who it is oblivious to”

“My biggest regret is what I didn’t say… (Jake)”



“Give sustenance, Allah.
Give sustenance to me.”



“The tears of my eyes watered your heart but failed to evoke a response from the barren grounds of what beats in you. They will still come and I will welcome them because they contain you.”

“If people can't stand being alone, they have no choice but to die”



“Who would have listened to his tales of woe when his love was the flickering lamp over his own decaying tomb?”

“I don't know what I am thinking. But I am alone. I am trapped in the net of the room. In the net of humans. I think maybe I am drowning in the net of humans.”



“The pattern's laid out on the bed
With dozens of colors of thread
But you've got the needle
I guess that's the point in the end”

“Empty teacups gathered around her and dictionary pages fell at her feet.”



“I wanted to wash away our past misgivings in those tears that would run from our eyes and weave a new start by folding her in my arms.
I wanted to, but I did not!”

“a raped girl is bad for the family: it shows that they can’t protect their women; that they have little social standing; and that they’re not respectable. It’s worse for the victim because once a woman, or a girl—or a boy—is known as the target of a rape she becomes so despised, so shamed, so worthless that she turns into public property. No one is raped only once.”



“If not towards his case to give him glimpses of what could be a happy future, it stayed back at least to warrant her happiness, stayed back with the pain that strangely didn’t hurt anymore.”



“Most sane human beings’ chances of being alive in a thousand years’ time are a hundred times higher than their chances of being sincerely happy for at least ten consecutive days.”

“Yeah – Sure I remember
Matter of fact it was just last September
She still calls it the fall to remember
Little Heather when it all came together
You remember the first time you met her?
She cried when it rained and blamed the weather
But inside she strained with suicide letters
The kind of cold you couldn’t warm with a sweater
Hardly lasted past December
She said she was headed down to defeat
That’s the last you’d seen and never had dreamed
That the same little Heather – It’s who you saw last week
In an instant you couldn’t have missed her gleam
As she listened she looked like a distant queen
With a difference, there for all to see
She found a different – A different kind of free”



“Though there had yet to be a victor in this great war that had begun almost three years ago, Maurice had written to her that they had, all of them, on all sides, lost their freedom. Freedom to think hopefully of the future.”



“And I'd started thinking about my mother's last weeks--the way she'd drifted listlessly about the house in her dressing gown, cigarettes in one hand, glass of something strong-smelling in the other. ”



“A dead dog is more quiet than a house on the steppes, a chair in a empty room.”



“Love has different shape, like this falling snow in winter”



“Understanding life is like trying to put together a puzzle with pieces that don't fit.”

“My daddy has a chain five miles long, on each link a heart for a lover he has lost.”

“Still, she really did seem to be absurdly into this. It was almost existentially unsettling, that two people in such close physical proximity could be experiencing the same moment so differently.”



“He wanted to bury her in Velaris. Somewhere full of light and warmth, full of kind people. Far away from these mountains.”



“He was skinny with soft hair, and his thick, murky eyes watched as the stranger played one more song in the heavy room. From face to face, he looked on as the man played and the woman wept. The different notes handled her eyes. Such sadness.”



“Dr. Beall gave him the first shot, followed closely by the second.
He said, "I'll check for a heartbeat."
I said, "You don't need to. I can see it in his eyes."
Dewey was gone.”



“I felt him there with me. The real David. My David.
David, you are still here. Alive. Alive in me.
Alive in the galaxy.
Alive in the stars.
Alive in the sky.
Alive in the sea.
Alive in the palm trees.
Alive in feathers.
Alive in birds.
Alive in the mountains.
Alive in the coyotes.
Alive in books.
Alive in sound.
Alive in mom.
Alive in dad.
Alive in Bobby.
Alive in me.
Alive in soil.
Alive in branches.
Alive in fossils.
Alive in tongues.
Alive in eyes.
Alive in cries.
Alive in bodies.
Alive in past, present and future.
Alive forever.”



“When I'm depressed I'll lie to myself to make me feel better. But really, it's ok, because depression only sometimes gets the best of me.”

“Sometimes when you dig deep into the past, you shed uncontrollable tears.”

“Everyone experiences the feelings of sadness and loneliness. We might rue our lack of companionship, but some people present a desperate need for aloneness. Being alone allows a person to think, imagine, and take in nature. Because being alone is essential for specific human actions, similar to all other aspects of life, it is a gift.”

“Tell me, Atlas.
What is heavier:
The world or its people's hearts?
— Atlas still stands but does anyone else?”



“This planet has — or rather had — a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much all of the time.”




“It's ok to be a fool once or twice but never let it be a third time. Be smart and pretend to be a fool and at the end of the hunt make sure you're the one that has the gun.”

“It was going to be a long, dark night but not quite as dark as it was in the abyss of his heart where there was nothing but hollowness, yet it felt heavy, almost as if someone still resided there.”

“Kalo gue bener-bener mencintai lo, gue juga harus belajar melepaskan lo.... - Good Fight”

“He did not care what the end would be, and in his lucid moments overvalued his indifference. The danger, when not seen, has the imperfect vagueness of human thought. The fear grows shadowy; and Imagination, the enemy of men, the father of all terrors, unstimulated, sinks to rest in the dullness of exhausted emotion.”



“He had the same look on his face that I had every day when I looked in the mirror. He was nothing more than a shell of a person.”



“Nights dark beyond darkness and the days more gray each one than what had gone before.”



“It’s just the love for her in my heart that is morphing into this madness and how can I run away from it? Sometimes I want to when I can’t bear it anymore, but where will I go?”

“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.
Third should come understanding.
Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding.”

“When they are gay, the waves echo their gaiety; but when they are sad, then every breaker, as it rolls, seems to bring additional sadness, and to speak to us of hopelessness and of the pettiness of all our joys.”

“Isolation, for him, had become a basic sine qua non for existence and loneliness, his sole companion like a perfectly faithful twin. He was someone for whom even happiness would cry for, mourning the death of his sentiments and murdering the existence of his soul.”

“You might want someone else to save you, or might want to save someone so badly. But no one else can save you, not really, not from yourself.”



“This position I've held ... it pays may way and it corrodes my soul.”

“He had never smoked but then had he ever loved? Life made him love and love made him smoke.”

“I read differently now, more painstakingly, knowing I am probably revisiting the books I love for the last time. (245)”



“It is interesting how one word can spark memories that one believes she has buried beyond recognition.”



“He did not have anything on him except her thoughts, except the good times he had once shared and the bad times he so desperately wanted to forget.”

“Feathers!" spluttered Sargatanas. "Feathers are for the birds, my boy. Flaking, peeling, scale-ridden wings, now that's what real beings wear. I'll tell you a secret." He said, and drew me closer. "The eternal pain at having known Paradise and lost it is priceless. I wouldn't swap it for anything.”



“I keep finding the ashes of the man I unequivocally loved, everywhere.
Everytime, I go to bed, they are displaced about my covers when memories flood back in my mind.
When I glance at my skin, the ashes are smeared on my skin like hand prints from a tragic crime scene.
When you cross my mind, the ashes of moments of intimacy fall to my heart, my body forcefully expell them through my lungs and tear ducts.
The ashes spew out in an eruption of utter chaos. The ashes block out my perception of love and self value. My sight is distorted to truth and trust. The particles of ashe prevent me from forgetting.
ANONYMOUS”

“It was as if the rare joy that had formed in my heart was replaced by a pale shadow threatening to engulf me at that very moment. Victory didn’t matter now. She did!”

“I hate forcing myself to go to bed to avoid committing suicide.”



“And he isn't crying for her, not for his grandma, he's crying for himself: that he: too, is going to die one day. And before that his friends wil die, and the friends of his friends, and, as time passes, the children of his friends, and, if his fate is truly bitter, his own children. (58)”



“We all die,” he said as he jogged off to retrieve his kill. “Not everyone dies for a reason.”



“I don't want Church to be like all those dead pets! she burst out, suddenly tearful and furious. I don't want Church to ever be dead! He's my cat! He's not God's cat! Let God have all the damn old cats He wants, and kill them all! Church is mine!”

“This little girl's grown up by now," she said.
Almost.
Not quite.
I wish you all a long and happy life.”



“As I studied the remians of book pages, scatered among the ashes, my heart sank.”



“As Ganin looked up at the skeletal roof in the ethereal sky he realized with merciless clarity that his affair with Mary was ended forever. It had lasted no more than four days—four days which were perhaps the happiest days of his life. But now he had exhausted his memories, was sated by them, and the image of Mary, together with that of the old dying poet, now remained in the house of ghosts, which itself was already a memory”

“Remember, Pia," he whispers. "Perfect is as perfect does.”



“It's not so much how I think as how I feel. Sometimes I feel so weak and helpless, because of everything I was told. Feelings can overpower thoughts, no matter how hard you try to rationalize them.”



“A second chance will never be able
to heal the wound of the first one.”

“Jon Snow, is this a proper castle now? Not just a tower?”
“It is.” Jon took her hand.
“Good,” she whispered. “I wanted t’ see one proper castle, before … before I …”
“You’ll see hundred castles. The battle’s done. Maester Aemon will see to you. You’re kissed by fire, remember? Lucky. It will take more than an arrow to kill you. Aemon will draw it out and patch you up, and we’ll get milk of the poppy for the pain.”
She just smiled at that. “D’you remember that cave? We should have stayed in that cave. I told you so.”
“We’ll go back to the cave,” he said.” You’re not going to die, Ygritte. You’re not.”
“Oh.” Ygritte cupped his cheek with her hand. “You know nothing, Jon Snow,” she sighed, dying.”




“We lost weight and grew thin. We stopped bleeding. We stopped dreaming. We stopped wanting.”



“I couldn't help but suspect something he'd seen or encountered had changed his view of what had happened between them. It had somehow set him free. And he'd let it fly, that gorgeous blackbird of a love he'd been keeping in a cage. What was it like for him, every day standing outside in the wind and rain to stare at the ocean, yearning for some sign of her, never giving up hope? At The Peak perhaps she'd finally come into view, a ship coming neither toward him nor away, only riding that perfect line between heaven and earth, long enough for him to know that she had loved him, that what they had was real, before slipping out of sight, probably forever.”



“We stood side by side, and for that minute, in the stillness of that room, he was not the King. I was not not the Princess, taken against her will to the City. We were two people trying to forget.”



“In that one moment, I wrapped a thousand others. A lifetime of joy, sorrow, laughter, frowns, smiles, tears... life!”

“Connections only caused a ripping pain no one deserved.”



“He stepped off the pavement like a man jumping off a bridge, as calm as a swimmer with an ocean out below. Lucy had known what he was going to do the instant their eyes met. She'd know what he intended because she would have done the very same thing if she'd had his courage. Nothing was going to break his fall.”



“Ever been so happy for someone and so aware of how lonely their happiness makes you feel at the same time?”



“What happend to her? To Miranda?'
Ulysses shrugged. 'What happens to most children. She got sick, and never got better.'
'And your wife?'
'The same.'
'But you said you were married,' said Will, glancing down at Ulysses's ring, smooth and lustrous in the half-light.
'I'll always be married. But it'll be the next world when I see her again.”



“There was no up, there was no down. There was a steady, nauseated life five minutes ago, but nothing five minutes from now. And then, very suddenly, there was no 'now.”



“If you have heard a Jewish cantor sing, if he has touched you and made your own sorrow seem trivial when compared with his, you will know my feeling when I follow the curves of her profile, like mobile rivers, to their common delta.”



“Loneliness is my worst enemy, but in the end he's usually my only real friend.”

“It seems to me that very sad things always contain an element of the comical”



“Fuck You!' [Oskar said] 'Exuse me!' [His mom said] 'Sorry. I mean, screw you.' 'You need a time-out!' 'I need a mausoleum!”



“Maybe I am everything I knew that I would never be. I looked back at Jay and smiled.”

“Glinda waved dismissively. Then she tucked her hand against her mouth and bit her knuckles. It was hard to tell if her pretty ways were studied or innate.
"Oh, oh," she managed, "I don't know that I'll see you again- and you remind me so of her.”



“Robot. Is. Sad. Because silly bitch. Will. Not. Dance.”

“He's an artist in London. We don't see him much."
Tom gave him one of his quick, considering glances and asked, "Doesn't he live with you?"
"No," said Indigo, finally saying out loud what he had known now for a long, long time. "Not really. Not anymore.”

“В безутешных ситуациях люди всегда ищут утешения где только можно. И находят.”



“I lost myself immediately in one of the books, only emerging when the phone rang.
“Dashiell?” my father intoned. As if someone else with my voice might be answering the phone at my mother’s apartment.
“Yes, Father?”
“Leeza and I would like to wish you a merry Christmas.”
“Thank you, Father. And to you, as well.”
[awkward pause]
[even more awkward pause]
“I hope your mother isn’t giving you any trouble.”
Oh, Father, I love it when you play this game.
“She told me if I clean all the ashes out of the grate, then I’ll be able to help my sisters get ready for the ball.”
“It’s Christmas, Dashiell. Can’t you give that attitude a rest?”
“Merry Christmas, Dad. And thanks for the presents.”
“What presents?”
“I’m sorry—those were all from Mom, weren’t they?”
“Dashiell …”
“I gotta go. The gingerbread men are on ”

“We may not be a great power anymore, we may be into you for sixty-five trillion yuan-pegged, but we're not afraid to use our troops if our spades act up, so watch out, or we'll go fucking nuclear on your yellow asses if you try to cash in your chips.”



“between the disfigurement and the muzzle, it's nearly impossible to catch what she's saying. Always, though, while tripping and stumbling to the music, she looks out into her audience and tells the story about her mother. Most people laugh and yell for her to lift her skirts, but every so often she'll spot someone weeping and swear they can understand her every word.”



“Finally- no more ruddy show for the folks back home. No pretending it's all beer and skittles and no one ever gets hurt.- Phoenix and Ashes”

“No child should ever be too sad to play.”



“Our tragedy is their beauty. Our pain is their art. The beatific bereavement that is our life captured on a canvas for all the world to see.”

“When they'd first come out in the morning, a single flounder lay flapping and puffing in the breezeway, one sad, swollen eye looking back toward the sea.”

“Но люблю я одно - невозможно.”

“На этот раз, глядя на картины, он заметил, что они
разделены лабиринтом узких полос однотонных серовато-зеленых
обоев. Лабиринт был весьма прихотлив по рисунку. "Может быть,
это и есть мое пространство? -подумал Демилле. -- Узкие
однотонные проходы между чужими жизнями".”



“The humiliation of growing up a Jew in the Soviet Union, of cleaning piss-stained bathrooms in the States, of worshiping a country that would collapse as simply and inelegantly as the one he had abandoned.”



“Life Teaches You Several Things,
It says 'Hi' & Gives You 'Good',
It Says 'Hello' & Gives you 'Better',
It says ''Wait" & Gives You "The Best”

“Stain my eyes as I may, on all sides all is black.”

“And now he was dead, his soul fled down to the Sunless Country and his body lying cold in the cold mud, somewhere in the city's wake.”




“The earth's orbit didn't slow down. The world didn't stop falling.
Slowly, very, very slowly, Michael started to sink to his knees.”



“Did you bite someone?' Jack enquired.
'I laughed at people, which is much worse. My laughter has sharper teeth than any dog. It tears people apart who wish to be taken seriously, but I could not help myself. There were many complaints and finally a man in a brown suit came and looked at me. He was very important and not used to being laughed at, but I could see he had dandruff on his collar, and there was a spot of his breakfast egg on his lapel. You should have seen him - so puffed up and proud of himself. I couldn't help but laugh and that made people see him as I did, and so they laughed too. All of a sudden everyone realised that for all his status in official matters, he was a man who lived alone and was loveless.”



“Another of them died last night. His body was in the bazaar this morning. It lay, with a collecting bowl at its feet, on the charpoy that is reserved for those who die without money or family to bury them. He looked desiccated and his skin had the sheen and color of the dates we eat to break our fast. There are new bodies on that charpoy every week. ”



“Packed up the Dylan and the Man Ray and the Joyce
I left a note that said well I guess I got no choice
Scuse me girl while I'm kicking it to the curb
Leaving with all I need but less than I deserve”

“Later: Woke up at 3:00 am and crept into Davids room. I talked to David about the ghost who came to live in his body, the sad soul who was taken back into the earth.
David’s trophies are dusty again.”



“And the next day the gondolier came with a train of other gondoliers, all decked in their holiday garb, and on his gondola sat Angela, happy, and blushing at her happiness. Then he and she entered the house in which I dwelt, and came into my room (and it was strange indeed, after so many years of inversion, to see her with her head above her feet!), and then she wished me happiness and a speedy restoration to good health (which could never be); and I in broken words and with tears in my eyes, gave her the little silver crucifix that had stood by my bed or my table for so many years. And Angela took it reverently, and crossed herself, and kissed it, and so departed with her delighted husband.
And as I heard the song of the gondoliers as they went their way--the song dying away in the distance as the shadows of the sundown closed around me--I felt that they were singing the requiem of the only love that had ever entered my heart.”

“Waiting for your lover is unbearable
Making your lover wait, more unbearable still
Then what of me, all alone
Neither waiting nor awaited?”



“All I can see when I close my eyes is Rocky's dumb carapace and his little arms always fidgeting with something.”



“I know Scotty is a terrible person, so why am I so shocked? Why am I always shocked by people and their shitty behaviour?”



“the never-ending ache of love and sorrow. perhaps in some other life i could have refused, could have torn my hair and screamed, made him face his choice alone. but not in this one. he would sail to troy and i would follow, even into death.”



“i did not care. i would have no need of her. i did not plan to live after he was gone.”



“he buired his face in his hands and did not speak. i held him and whispered all the bits of broken comfort i could find.”



“i do not know this man, i think. he is no one i have ever seen before.”



“I can carry him, I've carried him my whole life.”



“Habla de la desesperación, que fructifica del silencio.”



“I will always be here like the moon to light up the darkness in you.”

“At the hospital, an unfamiliar doctor told them that Vivi hadn't made it. She didn't make it was too gentle a phrase because it sounded like Vivi hadn't made it this time but could maybe try again.”



“I can't live with my heart half-broken all the time”



“Living was his only answer, now it is my only question!”



“I can not be a part of myself -
for everything that creates my soul
incompletes my heart.”

“I march downtown from my sister's, hugging myself, tears streaming down my face, mayhem in my heart. It's freezing. My breath puffs out in little Miyazaki clouds with each step. With so many crews of people in matching costumes, I've never felt lonelier. I hadn't known it was possible.”

“Sometimes, it's hard to accept change, but like a butterfly, you can soar high and feel free when you do”

“Sometimes I make up ideas in my head at night, they can be good, they can be bad. And to be fair, they're mostly killing off characters. So naturally, I end up sobbing my eyes out in the morning whenever someone dies in my dreams. And then I end up writing about it so everyone else can feel pain too :)”

“James was a fickle companion. Sometimes we lay on our opposite beds in companionable quiet. Sometimes he tossed and muttered in his sleep. Other nights, when he thought I was already dreaming, he slid out of bed, took his coat and shoes, and disappeared into the dark outside. I never asked where he went, worried he wouldn’t ask me to follow.”

“Elizabeth realized with sadness how easy everything would be if she simply did not exist.”



“You can not create something without love and expect it to be great.”

“We always hide something of ourselves whenever we create something.”

“Sometimes plans must change, my love.”



“Life's like a butterfly. One moment, it's there, fluttering about. The next, it's gone, no trace in sight.”

“do you ever get the feeling people are slowly forgetting about you and replacing you?”

“The two middle-size boxes can be mum and dad. The little box with the picture of the motorcycle, that's Harry. And the big box that they all came in, that's their house, and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon and Dudley aren't allowed in, so there.”

“Yh, it ain’t our choice to be sad,
But it’s our duty to not let depression bitten into us”

“It ain’t our choice to be sad,
But it’s our duty to not let depression bitten into us”

“The sad thing about sadness is it comes at the wrong time for the right thing.”

“A man may not be sad in misery, if he sings.”

“In misery, do not be sad but sing.”

“Man can not be sad , if he sings.”

“Then why did you do it?" she asked.
"To protect you," he said. "To protect everyone around me. I'm sorry I couldn't think of a better way how."
She had no response to that. His words terrified her. If Jiang had seen this hell as the best of alternatives, then what had he been afraid of?
"I'm sorry, child," Jiang stretched out his hands in a conciliatory gesture. "I am so sorry.”




“He wishes they'd realise, though, that you can't fill the hole of a missing mother by carving each other into pieces.”



“I had the strange feeling that this world—not just Melanie, but the entire orb of the planet—did not want me, no matter how much I wanted it.”



“I won't even be a ghost to her”



“At that time, I couldn’t give him what he wants, but… I could give my life. Because it wasn’t anything important and even if I died no one would have been sad.”



“The blood of a half-demon, born with no understanding of emotions, only the lust for killing and greed.
He forced himself to learn, to understand, and to respect.
He truly wanted to be a real human, but he failed.”



“They've started to say "life-limiting" instead now. "Children and young people with life-limiting conditions..."
The nurse says it gently as she explains that the hospital has started to offer a counseling service for young patients whose conditions are "terminal." She falters, flushing red. "Sorry, I meant life-limiting." Would I like to sign up? I could have the counselor come to my bed, or I could go to the special counseling room for teenagers. They have a TV in there now. The options seem endless, but the term is not new to me. I have spent many days at the airport. Years.
And still, I have not flown away.”



“Right above my head, on the shelf made out of sockets and switches, is the hospital's kind reminder of my impermanence. A whiteboard that says Lenni Petersson in red marker with a smudge near the final n. The thing about whiteboards is that they're so easily wiped clean. They're designed to be used again and again and again for the names of the unlucky few who find themselves in the May Ward. One day, in just the briefest stroke of a dry whiteboard eraser, I'll be gone.”



“Once I was old enough to understand it, the Swedish birthday song always made me sad. I didn't know anybody who had lived to one hundred, and I didn't think I would live to one hundred either. So, every year when my parents and friends sang to me, I felt this sadness that they were celebrating something that wouldn't actually happen. They were hoping for the impossible. I would let them down.
In the video, having just blown out my first birthday candle and been fed some icing on a spoon by my father, I have no idea what the song means and I look so happy.”

“Once I was old enough to understand it, the Swedish birthday song always made me sad. I didn't know anybody who had lived to one hundred, and I didn't think I would live to one hundred either. So, every year when my parents and friends sang to me, I felt this sadness that they were celebrating something that wouldn't actually happen. They were hoping for the impossible. I would let them down.
In the video, having just blown out my first birthday candle and been fed some icing on a spoon by my father, I have no idea what the song means and I look so happy.”



“Having heard screaming and banging, I stood in the doorway of their bedroom, and in the silence I watched my mother watch my father and I wondered if they knew, between them, how to fix him.”



“I sat there for perhaps an hour or two trying to decipher the reason for my tears--was it the fact that I had my plans thwarted? That I didn't get to see Father Arthur? The fact that Jacky didn't care that I am dying? Or the fact that I'm dying? Or, perhaps, I realized, I was crying because I live in a place where dying doesn't make you special.”



“I thought she would wait. I thought there was no way she would leave without saying goodbye. And so it came as a surprise when I peeped out of the window to see if she was crying yet, and found that the taxi had gone and my father had gone with it.”



“And I was aware, as I sometimes am, of the earth moving. That the earth was rotating and pulling us forward, and millions of milliseconds were flying by, and that this moment was precious.”



“And when I had taken back my hand from his, he said, "Take care," with such force that it was as though he thought the more emphatically he said it, the more likely it was to happen. That if only I could just bloody take care of myself, I might not die.”



“Try as I might, I have no memory of what we did the rest of the day, or even of saying goodbye, because it's blended in with all my other visits and all the other goodbyes. Sometimes I try to trick myself into remembering, to observe the day casually from the side, trying to get it to roll itself around and reveal to me what we did or said when the visit came to an end. But I can't.”



“you can feel the pleasure in sick
when your in the saddest part of life”

“Avevo camminato tra i cadaveri dove non c'era posto per appoggiare i piedi mentre piangevo l'anima, disperata. Continuavo a camminare barcollando, senza neanche asciugare le lacrime che fluivano lungo il mio viso e il mio cuore si era fatto duro quanto caldo era il sole che seccava quel pianto.”



“I hope the love we have outweighs the pain when I'm gone.”



“He closed his eyes. Behind him, the hyenas howled, furious at him. Before him stood the house with its open door. He wasn't close yet, but he was closer than he'd been: close enough to see that inside, there was a bed where he could rest, where he could lie down and sleep after his long run, where he would, for the first time in his life, be safe.”



“Is it weird to envy him for that, for witnessing something I would never want to see with my own eyes? I have all this history with you, Theo, but he has pieces of your puzzle that would destroy me if I ever had to put them together, and yet I still want them.”



“দিনের বেলা যে কোন কষ্টই সহনীয় বলে মনে হয় - রাতে ভিন্ন ব্যাপার। কিছু কিছু রাত এই জন্যই 'কাল রাত', 'কাল দিন' বলে কিছু নেই।”




“Celaena put a hand against her chest. How absurd-how utterly absurd and useless-that her heart still beat and Nehemia's didn't.”



“The last twenty years had not been kind to him. He looked beaten by time, shrunken by care- and glad to be gone.”



“His mother had told his once when he was a child that he blended in with the paint on the wall, only memorable when one was reminded it was there at all.”



“I know it may seem overwhelming right now. If I were lucky enough to have somebody love me, I would try everything to make it work. You're lucky to have that even if it hurts.”



“Matthias was dreaming again... Dreaming of her.”



“Oh, Wallace. It's . . . the sun.”



“And I'm sitting here wondering why my mother won't change the channel and why the news won't change the story and why the story won't change into something new instead of the every-hour rerun about how we won't change the world or the way we treat the world or the way we treat each other [...]”



“My mood swings like 365 times a day ”

“It is a gray day only because we have assumed the absence of color verses the masking of it.”

“I willed myself to let the tears come, but they were locked behind a door that I didn't have the key to.”

“I have always thought of hope as a natural folly of youth that should be discarded as soon as possible.
It is inexplicable to me, and I did not know I was capable of surprising myself. Perhaps I liked him more than I realized. I should have known that I could not afford to.”



“It's not an original thought perhaps, but I think people watch so much TV because life would otherwise be unbearable. Unless you are born into a chaebol family or your parents were the fantastically lucky who purchased land in Gangnam decades ago, you have to work and work and work for a salary that isn't even enough to buy a house or pay for childcare, and you sit at a desk until your spine twists, and your boss is somehow incompetent and a workaholic at the same time and at the end of the day you have to drink to bear it all.
But I grew up not knowing the difference between a bearable life and an unbearable life, and by the time I discovered there was such a thing, it was too late.”



“When I ask her if she ever wants to get married, she snorts. "Not meant to be," she says, blinking her mink-like eyelashes and wondering out loud at my rudeness for even raising the subject to her. But Kyuri is still the one out of all of us--even including the impressionable Sujin who lives in front of the TV--who cries the most when one of the characters has to leave the other for martyr-like reasons.”

“You're gone, but it's okay, I will become you, I will take you with me.”



“My Own distress is freedom.
Other`s distress is a prison.”

“I wasn’t going to die alone.
I was going to try harder.
I wanted forever love.
I didn’t want to be loveless.”



“We go on not because we have to, but because we want to. We live the life we would have wanted for them.”



“Your voice echoes in my mind. I don’t think I can ever forget your voice, that voice that whispered jokes to me at the most inappropriate times and told me the world was a cruel place long before you proved it.”



“Have you ever dreamed that you were running from something? You can feel it getting closer so you keep running. It gets so close to you that you think it will catch you. But you wake up. You wake up and you can’t remember what you were running from.
I can’t wake up.”



“You and I always preferred dark to light. But you were light. You were a ray of light hiding beneath dyed-black hair and sweatshirts in June.”



“Am I chasing an empty idea,
Or is the empty idea chasing me?
Everything that once was is gone.
What’s left, can I ever see?
My mind feels heavy
And yet my thoughts are few.
It takes up all and none of me.
You are all I ever knew.”



“Did you ever feel this way?
Did you ever feel a thousand words swimming through your veins, but they never slowed down enough for you to catch a few?
Did you ever stare endlessly at a page, unable to find the words you could feel in your heart?
A bird is singing above me. It always knows the song it wants to share with the world. Just like the song I heard at school—written by a boy whose violin is all he needs to create an entire story.
I keep trying to keep pieces of you alive. I want to write the way you wrote.
But I’m not you. And I’m not him. And I’m not a bird.”



“One day a mayfly said this to a moth drawn to a flame.
"You know that flame is a trap set by humans. It is not like you only have one day to live as I do. Why would you throw yourself at the flame knowing you'll die?"
And so the moth said "the flame is too beautiful not to throw myself at. There is no beauty without pain.”

“He smiled but it was a sad smile. Bittersweet as if he had skipped to the last page of a book and didn't know what to make of the ending.”



“I will be at the end of the ocean waiting
for you to be brought to surface when you are ready to live on earth's ground. After all, you are the only ground I wish to stand on.”

“My world is falling apart
I am again breaking down”



“Mi corazón aullaba como un lobo desterrado: sin manada y ninguna compañía, solo con los recuerdos vagos de los que alguna vez fue”

“When he closed his eyes they almost felt real.”



“He looked at them for a long moment, memorizing them as best he could. With bravery he didn’t know he had, Harry removed the stone set in a ring from his finger and watched as they disappeared.”



“I missed you. I missed you infinity.”




“Not every tear weights the same.”



“In a way, it was easier for me to quiet my mind with my eyes open. It was when I closed my eyes and everything went dark that most of my worries came rushing out. In the dark there was no distraction, and every fear seemed to want to come out and play.”



“I guess I forgot' you chuckled, 'that if you want someone to trust you, you really have to prove you understand them first.”



“why did you do it? i search and search and i search, and i can't understand it, Willy. I made the last payment on the house today. Today, dear. And there'll be nobody home. we're free and clear. we're free. we're free... We're free...”



“I see you in the scattered fossils
I see you in fear and sadness
I feel you in faraway mountains
I feel you in human kindness”



“Some Dead Roses still carry that preeminent fragrance,
Some Broken Hearts still carry that preeminent love”

“I cannot help but remind myself that all that time, you knew the truth. You allowed yourself to slowly make terms with your decision, while I was kept in the dark - sensing the instability of your delicate ship, but desperately tugging at the sails anyhow. You quietly become acquainted with your little white lie, while I was building my entire life around it.
So when it was time for you to jump ship, you were safe. Held securely by the life raft you spent those months building, that I wasn't even able to see.
While I was left stranded on a ship that was sinking. My life drowning in water, eyes frantically searching for your hands to say goodbye.”



“When someone try to be nice with you, it is the soon that one day he or she will leave you.”

“Once in a while, we feel sad and broken. No one can stay happy forever. We must embrace our sadness too. It is making us go deeper into ourself.”

“Light shines through broken places. It is okay to be a little broken!”

“Light shines through broken places. It is okay to be a little broken and sad!”

“Never expect the same effort from anyone as you are putting for them !”

“Sad people smile,always beautiful and different from other .
A childhood friend told me !”

“Death is Realised When You Really Died”

“Suddenly the realisation dawned on me; this was my own doing, I'd been forever bored of my little life; I was no idol, no heroine, nobody.”



“It's okay to feel emotions. It's part of life. It's one of the many things that is Ravia's guidance. Everyone goes through strife, through grief, through hard times. It's what we do during the worst that matters.”



“I'm all too familiar with the embarrassment of being a seagull in a flock of swans.”



“Jesse once told me that if I focused on a fixed point on the horizon, I would be okay, but Jesse hanged himself in his bedroom last year, so the value of his advice is dubious at best.”



“Duka baru menguar di dada, berbeda dari yang kurasakan sebelumnya. Jika pada suatu saat ada seorang yang dapat kuberikan hatiku. Aku Baru saja mengusirnya dari hidupku selamanya.”



“Soon you'll forget you loved me, but to me your love will be a burning memory I fight to keep. In the end, dementia kills us all.”

“Soon you'll forget you loved me, but your love will be a burning memory I fight to keep. In the end, dementia kills us all”

“I don't know who you are, but I love you.”

“A few women are crying into accommodating shoulders, but there's something hollow about their performance. It's as though the ball hasn't really ended. They're all still dancing, they've just changed the steps.”



“I was the same, but I no longer have the time to tiptoe around my ethics. I can end this tonight and I mean to, so don't measure me by how tightly I cling to my goodness, measure me by what I'm willing to sacrifice that you might cling to yours.”



“You are whoever they want you to be.
You are more then enough, because you are not real.
You are perfect, because you don't exist.
(Not you.)
(Never you.)”



“The sounds Mom made
were worse than Jonah's.
So now the nurses
call me.”



“So impatient
to start his big life,
to make people laugh,
to see what would happen.
Doing anything
for a dare.
So afraid
he'd be stuck
in Maddigan, Maine,
for the rest
of his life.”



“I know how that is--
how the worst thing
is right where you
least expect it to be--
in your lungs,
in your chest,
in the attic
of the house
right across the street.”



“I'm nothing like you," said the boy, his blue eyes blazing. Matthias saw the anger there, the rage. He knew it so well. But he was still surprised when he heard the shot.”



“I need to go to him,” Genya whispered. “One last time.”
She had pulled a notebook from her pocket, the pages held open. It took Zoya a moment to understand what it was. She glimpsed a few words in David’s scrawl: Ideas for compliments—hair (color, texture), smile (causes and effects), talents (tailoring, tonics, sense of style—inquire on “style”), teeth? size of feet?
“His journal,” Zoya said. Where David had written down all his little reminders for how to make Genya happy.”




“I relied on him to find answers I couldn’t, to blaze a path when I found myself lost. David saw things no one else did. He saw through the world to the mysteries on the other side. I know that he’s gone on to solve those mysteries.” A faint smile touched Nikolai’s lips. “I can see him in some great library, already lost in his work, head bent to some new problem, making the unknown known. When I enter the laboratory, when I wake in the night with a new idea, I will miss him…” His voice broke. “I miss him now. May the Saints receive him on a brighter shore.”
“May the Saints receive him,” the crowd murmured. But David hadn’t believed in Saints. He’d believed in the Small Science. He’d believed in a world ordered by facts and logic.
What do you believe? Zoya didn’t know. She believed in Ravka, in her king, in the chance that she could be a part of something better than herself. But maybe she didn’t deserve that.
All eyes had turned to Genya now. She was David’s wife, his friend, his compatriot. She was expected to speak.
Genya stood straighter, lifted her chin. “I loved him,” she said, her body still trembling as if it had been torn apart and hastily stitched back together. “I loved him and he loved me. When I was … when no one could reach me … he saw me. He…” Genya turned her head to Zoya’s shoulder and sobbed. “I loved him and he loved me.”
Was there any greater gift than that? Any more unlikely discovery in this world?
“I know,” said Zoya. “He loved you more than anything.”
The dragon’s eye had opened and Zoya felt that love, the enormity of what Genya had lost. It was too much to endure knowing she could do nothing to erase that pain”



“Survive. Survive. Survive. It was the way he'd lived his life, moment to moment, breath to breath, since that terrible morning when he'd woken to find that Jordie was still dead and he was still very much alive.
Kaz tumbled through the dark. He was colder than he'd ever been. He thought of Inej's hand on his cheek. His mind had gone jagged at the sensation, a riot of confusion. It had been terror and disgust - in all of that clamour - desire, a wish that lingered still, the hope that she would touch him again.”



“This was where Zoya had been seen sneaking off to all those nights—not to a lover, but to this monument to grief. This was where she had shed her tears, away from curious eyes, where no one could see her armor fall. And here, the Grisha might live forever, every friend lost, every soldier gone.
“I know what I did is unforgivable,” she said. Nikolai blinked, confused.
“No doubt you deserve to be punished for your crimes … but for what precisely?”
She cast him a baleful look. “I lost our most valuable prisoner. I’ve allowed our most deadly enemy to regain his powers and … run amok.”
“‘Amok’ seems an overstatement. Wild, perhaps.”
“Don’t pretend to shrug this off. You’ve barely looked at me since I returned.”
Because I am greedy for the sight of you. Because the prospect of facing this war, this loss, without you fills me with fear. Because I find I don’t want to fight for a future if I can’t find a way to make a future with you.
But he was a king and she was his general and he could say none of those things.”



“If you have to go, you know I will go with you." We slept.”



“He couldn’t move. He could hardly breathe. As he stared down at the tiny body in his arms—so limp and lifeless, so utterly unlike the vicious human hurricane he knew as Fang Runin—all he could do was tremble.
You bitch, he thought. You fucking bitch.
He realized dimly that he ought to be glad she was dead. He should have been fucking delighted. And rationally, intellectually, he was. Rin was a monster, a murderer, a destroyer of worlds. Nothing but blood and ashes ever trailed in her wake. The world was a better, safer, and more peaceful place without her in it. He believed that. He had to believe that.
And yet.
And yet, when he looked at that broken body, all he wanted to do was howl.”

“Inej looked at her strange crew, barefoot and shivering in their soot-stained prison uniforms, their features limned by the golden light of the dome, softened by the mist that hung in the air.
What bound them together? Greed? Desperation? Was it just the knowledge that if one or all of them disappeared tonight, no one would come looking? Inej’s mother and father might still shed tears for the daughter they’d lost, but if Inej died tonight, there would be no one to grieve for the girl she was now. She had no family, no parents or siblings, only people to fight beside. Maybe that was something to be grateful for, too.
It was Jesper who spoke first. “No mourners,” he said with a grin.
“No funerals,” they replied in unison. Even Matthias muttered the words softly.
“If any of you survive, make sure I have an open casket,” Jesper said as he hefted two slender coils of rope over his shoulder and signalled for Wylan to follow him across the roof. “The world deserves a few more moments with this face.”



“When you break, it's hard to fit the pieces back together again, and, even when you do, there are always tiny fragments that never quite fit back into place”



“It was amazing though, right?
Once in a lifetime level stuff!”



“The worst thing happened and you are still alive... at least for now, isn't that enough?”



“I know that I brought this all on myself. I know that I deserve this. I'd do anything not to be this way. I'd do anything to make it up to everyone. And to not have to see a psychiatrist, who explains to me about being 'passive aggressive'. And to not have to take the medicine he gives me, which is too expensive for my dad. And to not have to talk about bad memories with him. Or be nostalgic about bad things.”



“I remember seeing her and thinking that I’d never seen anything so beautiful. And that if you were that beautiful, that graceful, nothing could ever really touch you. It would be like being a lion or a unicorn. Nobody could really touch you, because you wouldn’t even be on the same plane as everyone else.”



“Boys with hands in pockets, waiting for everything to begin”



“Maybe the centipede in the cellar
knows with its many disgusting legs
why I am sad. No one else does.”

“Do you believe in soulmates?
Do you believe in the concept of love?
Do you know how powerful one’s love could be if chained too long?
Do you believe in romance, in tragedy? In Love At First Sight?
Do you understand how one’s very mind can shatter under such spells? Are you aware how many lives have been stolen in the beautiful name of the world’s deadliest weapon, Love?
Are you able to comprehend how important Love is in one’s life, despite being able to take so many away so easily?
Love is as a diamond sword–beautiful, but made to kill.
Love is as a square of chocolate–sweet, yet hypnotizing and obsessive.
Oh, if only I could count how many died at Love’s hand.
Oh, if only I could begin to measure how many weep over not meeting their One.
Oh, if only Love wasn’t as beautiful as it is cruel.”

“Sweet Crescent Moon..." he whispered, his lips barely able to form the word. He began to shiver.
"Up in the sky..." He hummed a few bars of the song, a lullaby that seemed barely familiar. "You sing your song so sweetly... so sweetly... after sunshine passes..."
The last word hovered unspoken as he stopped shuddering and lay still, his blue eyes staring upward like empty marbles.”



“Why would my words
ever borrow the ink
of their own demise?”

“She still listens, and she tries, and she wants us to be happy. But I don't know if she has it in her anymore to be a part of anyone's happiness.”



“I am thinking that my father lies, and maybe the foul things he’s fed me about myself for my whole bleeding life were just as untrue. That my father cheats. That my father has no pedestal from which to hand down judgment on me for my sins.”



“Been looking for me long, Officer?" she asked in the most teasing voice she could muster.
But it felt forced.
And stupid.
And desperate.
And she was tired of being memorable.
Now she just wanted to go back into hiding.”



“People who were helpful and indispensable were loved. Weren't they?”



“You have never worried me, daughter. You have only disappointed.”



“If you are sad, then you have forgotten to sing.”

“If you feel sad, cry loudly. It will give you new ideas”

“It was not honor that made Meleager fight, or his friends, or victory, or revenge, or even his own life. It was Cleopatra, on her knees before him, her face streaked with tears. Here is Phoinix’s craft: Cleopatra, Patroclus. Her name built from the same pieces as mine, only reversed.”



“Maybe some way, somehow, I will be. You were my life's saving grace, and I carry you with me from this world and into the next, and I hope if there is another life for us, we'll meet again. Until then. My love always, Oliver.”



“Holding off your tears only shows how weak you are.”

“How disappointing, it was, to have the ones she cared about most tell her that they didn't like the way she loved.”



“Listing your parents as your emergency contact is the saddest reminder that you are single.”



“Still, I try to hold onto nothing
for fear of being crushed by what can be taken
because sometimes not even our mouths belong to us.”



“That's why I'm crying. Because Danny told me I'm a beautiful girl, and I nearly fell off the barstool. You've ruined me.”




“No matter who hurts or breaks my heart, it's alright, it's only my heart.”

“When a girl is hurt, she will have a lot of people to help her out. But when the same happens to a boy, he’s always alone.”

“... she was just another girl I would never get to know.”



“If you must fight someday, allow me to advise you about one thing: do not fight in anger.”



“There were moments of intense pain & utter darkness that I wanted to end it all. The only thing I wanted was not to live.”



“Smile, ‘cause life is gonna be what it is. There are brighter days ahead.”

“I’ll kiss you again and again and again until the end of time.”



“You made it, Kadydid,” he whispers.
God, how I love his whispers.”



“You know I love you,” he murmurs. “Always. No matter what. Forever.”



“You aren't human if you don't feel the weight of trauma”



“This is your life... are you going to fight for it?”



“As I walked home, the moon shining high in the sky above me, I realised that my biggest fear was watching him walk away before I learnt how it felt to fall in love with him”



“In the darkest part of the night, you are where I find my light”



“I love this pain, it’s our pain.”

“I have been scarcely been able to pray since I have been here: I have the childish feeling that God is no longer in the same place.”



“When the nightmares become so life-like, it’s blurs the difference between what’s real and what’s not.”

“When the nightmares become so life-like, it blurs the difference between what’s real and what’s not.”

“Es que no hay forma de decir en voz alta que se puede odiar a alguien por morirse, como yo la odio a ella”



“I didn’t want to sit in the murky unknown. I wanted to stand on concrete.”



“I didn't think I would end up here."
"Me neither.”



“For those of us who have felt this broken piece that has left us unable to mate as others seem to do, there is such comfort in solitude. There is comfort in the alone time, I guess. Or it just seems less dangerous.”



“You taught me to look for beauty. In darkness, in destruction, you always found light. I don't know what beauty I'll find here, what light. But I'll try. I'll do it for you. Because I know you would do it for me.”



“No matter how we choose to live, we both die at the end”



“12 hours ago I received the phone call telling me I'm going to die today, and I'm more alive now then I was”



“You didn't keep me alive, you made me live.”



“You look like a little thundercloud hovering in the middle of a field of sunshine."
I bit back a sigh and faced Kalen. "Im flattered you made all this effort to keep the thundercloud company.”



“I don’t know about others, but it often happens to me that I find myself in a state of sadness for no reason. Some mornings you just get up, feel sad, and that’s it. Life is beautiful; everything around is good. But there is nothing you can do to change how you feel.”



“Feelings all your feelings is hard, but that's what they're for. Feelings are for feeling. All of them. Even the hard ones.”



“With words I have knit my shroud and will bury myself therein”



“Shirt off.”
Neil stared at her. “Why?”
“I can’t check track marks through cotton, Neil.”
“I don’t do drugs.”
“Good on you,” Abby said. “Keep it that way. Now take it off.”
[…] “I want to make this as painless as possible, but I can’t help you if you can’t help me. Tell me why you won’t take off your shirt.”
Neil looked for a delicate way to say it. The best he managed was, “I’m not okay.”
She put a finger to his chin and turned his face back toward her. “Neil, I work for the Foxes. None of you are okay. Chances are I’ve seen a lot worse than whatever it is you’re trying to hide from me.”
Neil’s smile was humorless. “I hope not.
“Trust me,” Abby said. “I’m not going to judge you. I’m here to help, remember? I’m your nurse now. That door is closed, and it comes with a lock. What happens in here stays in here.”
[…] “You can’t ask me about them,” he said at last. “I won’t talk to you about it. Okay?”
“Okay,” Abby agreed easily. “But know that when you want to, I’m here, and so is Betsy.”
Neil wasn’t going to tell that psychiatrist a thing, but he nodded. Abby dropped her hand and Neil pulled his shirt over his head before he could lose his nerve.
Abby thought she was ready. Neil knew she wouldn’t be, and he was right. Her mouth parted on a silent breath and her expression went blank. She wasn’t fast enough to hide her flinch, and Neil saw her shoulders go rigid with tension. He stared at her face as she stared at him, watching her gaze sweep over the brutal marks of a hideous childhood.
It started at the base of his throat, a looping scar curving down over his collarbone. A pucker with jagged edges was a finger-width away, courtesy of a bullet that hit him right on the edge of his Kevlar vest. A shapeless patch of pale skin from his left shoulder to his navel marked where he’d jumped out of a moving car and torn himself raw on the asphalt. Faded scars crisscrossed here and there from his life on the run, either from stupid accidents, desperate escapes, or conflicts with local lowlifes. Along his abdomen were larger overlapping lines from confrontations with his father’s people while on the run. His father wasn’t called the butcher for nothing; his weapon of choice was a cleaver. All of his men were well-versed in knife-fighting, and more than one of them had tried to stick Neil like a pig.
And there on his right shoulder was the perfect outline of half a hot iron. Neil didn’t remember what he’s said or done to irritate his father so much.”




“That is the saddest story."
I clear my throat. "Life is sad," I say.
"Not always," he replies, his voice soft.
"Sometimes," I say as he tucks a strand behind my ear. "Sometimes it is.”



“I have no one left to protect”



“Most of the time I was so close to falling into the darkest, emptiest place inside me that I just tried to feel nothing at all”

“Raindrops suddenly began to fall, wetting the roofs of the huts. They fall regularly, like the weight of life or of time. On nights when it rained, I couldn't stop myself from listening to the sound, which kept me from sleeping. Insomnia, then eternal sleep--held apart from one by death and the other by life, brought closer to one by life and the other by death, and the rain, the rain, the rain, the rain.
It rained on the day that my only son died.”



“I could tell you a story.
I could tell you a tale.
I could spin my life,
And make it sound so well.
But then you wouldn’t understand my being.
You wouldn’t catch my meaning.
You wouldn’t understand what I was seeing.
You wouldn’t see the beauty.
The hurt, the smile, the love. You wouldn’t see it truly.
So I’m not going to lie.
I’m just going to let the time go by.
Eventually you’ll get it. You’ll stop asking why.
I’m not trying to be mean.
I just want you to see what I’ve seen.
Like watching it on a movie screen.
Scene by scene.
Tear by tear.
Each and every fear.
All of it, I want you to hear.
Does this make me mad?
Does it make me bad?
Does it make you sad?
Am I annoying you now?
Would you like me to tell you how,
It came to be this way?
Sorry, but I don’t really think I should say.
Because then you wouldn’t understand my being.
You wouldn’t catch my meaning.
You wouldn’t understand what I was seeing.
You wouldn’t see the beauty.
The hurt, the smile, the love. You wouldn’t see it truly.
So I’m not going to lie.
I’m just going to let the time go by.
Eventually you’ll get it. You’ll stop asking why.”

“I can feel love. But I can't feel loved. And I think that's one of the greatest tortures in life. If not the greatest.”



“Neil didn’t know how long he played with his little league team, but his hands remembered the weight of a racquet as well as they did that of a gun”



“He remembered the black sands beach along California’s lost coast where his mother finally gave up the fight. He hadn’t even realized she’d been injured so badly after running into his father in Seattle. She’d bled most of the way though Oregon, but he hadn’t thought it was serious. He hadn’t known she was bleeding out on the inside, a kidney and her liver ruptured, her intestines bruised beyond repair.
[…] They stopped six feet from the tide and she made him repeat every promise she’d ever dragged out of him: don’t look back, don’t slow down, and don’t trust anyone. Be anyone but himself, and never be anyone for too long.
By the time Neil understood she was saying goodbye, it was too late.
She died gasping for one more breath, panting with something that might have been words or his name or fear. Neil could still feel her fingernails digging into his arms as she fought not to slip away, and the memory left him shaking all over. Her abdomen felt like stone when he touched her, swollen and hard. He tried pulling her from her seat only once, but the sound of her dried blood ripping off the vinyl like Velcro killed him.
[…] He hadn’t cried when the flames caught, and he hadn’t flinched when he pulled her cooling bones out. […] By the time he found the highway again he was numb with shock, and he lasted another day before he fell to his knees on the roadside and puked his guts out.”



“He [Neil] didn’t realize he’d fallen asleep until a gunshot jarred him awake. Neil bolted upright so fast he sent his pile of textbooks crashing to the ground. Too late he realized the crack he’d heard wasn’t a gun but the lock snapping undone on the suite door.”



“Man cannot be sad if he sings.”

“I wondered how and when I'd become capable of causing this kind of pain.”



“Loneliness is something you get used to until you no longer recognize it as something that needs fixing you simply are lonely and that is that”



“I have enough of my own dreams to haunt me”



“Stay safe. I want to see you again when all of this is done”



“I'm not the prized prodigy i was when we first met”



“How could anyone resist June? She’s perfect in too many ways”



“Whenever June needs something, she gets results, but my needs aren't worth a bucket of pig's blood”



“Maybe if I were the republics darling, you’d care about me too”



“And then we were all alone.”

“لم يلمحني شيء مُطلقاً كما لو أنّني أستحقّ الرّحيل ، أستحقّ المنفى”



“Lo cierto es que no sé qué es el corazón. No sé qué significa exactamente, ni tampoco sé cómo se usa. Solo he aprendido la palabra.”



“The waves roared.
I stood alone in the darkness.
Light does not illuminate.
It only looks for things to illuminate.
And I had never been found by the light.
I would always be in darkness.”

“Man is sad without a song.”

“I could tell you a story.
I could tell you a tale.
I could spin my life,
And make it sound so well.
But then you wouldn’t understand my being.
You wouldn’t catch my meaning.
You wouldn’t understand what I was seeing.
You wouldn’t see the beauty.
The hurt, the smile, the love. You wouldn’t see it truly.
So I’m not going to lie.
I’m just going to let the time go by.
Eventually you’ll get it. You’ll stop asking why.
I’m not trying to be mean.
I just want you to see what I’ve seen.
Like watching it on a movie screen.
Scene by scene.
Tear by tear.
Each and every fear.
All of it, I want you to hear.
Does this make me mad?
Does it make me bad?
Does it make you sad?
Am I annoying you now?
Would you like me to tell you how,
It came to be this way?
Sorry, but I don’t really think I should say.
Because then you wouldn’t understand my being.
You wouldn’t catch my meaning.
You wouldn’t understand what I was seeing.
You wouldn’t see the beauty.
The hurt, the smile, the love. You wouldn’t see it truly.
So I’m not going to lie.
I’m just going to let the time go by.
Eventually you’ll get it. You’ll stop asking why.”

“And all of the things that she sent him were things he already owned. And all of the letters she wrote him were letters he wrote to himself.
You write a letter, you get a letter.
”



“Waking up every day and remembering Papa's gone to the front is like biting into a bonbon with nothing in the center.”



“How was he supposed to let Wymack lock the door every night with both of them under the same roof? He couldn't possibly sleep here; every time Wymack breathed Neil would wake up and wonder who was after him.”



“I feel sorry for him, but I do not love him. I love no one. I used to love you, as ardently, as passionately, as deeply as it was possible for me to love, but now I don't love even you any more; my heart is a void, dead, and this makes me sad.”



“Ich bin traurig", sage ich.
"Warum?", will er wissen.
"Keine Ahnung. Weil es unfair ist. Weil all diese Menschen mich nicht richtig behandelt haben. Weil man so nicht sein darf zu einem kleinen Kind. Und ich bin wütend. Weil alles so anders hätte sein können.”



“The shock, the pain, the agonizing self-pity over the fact that he would never see her again, never hold her, never smell her, the list went on, and on, and on like some pounding surf that threatened to drown him.”




“People don't fake depression. They fake being okay. Be Kind.”



“Even now, a boy will smile at me on the street, or Jesper will put his arm around my waist, and I feel like I’m going to vanish. I live in fear that I’ll see one of her—one of my—clients on the street. For a long time, I thought I recognized them everywhere. But sometimes I think what they did to me wasn’t the worst of it.”



“For the first time she asked herself if she has some good reason for wanting to go on living. She should find no reply, replies do not always come when needed, and it often happens that the only possible reply is to wait for them.”

“One day I will also cover the shroud , Every relationship will be broken from this land, irritate me as much as you can,one day I will Leave you crying all the day.”

“Don't do anything to anyone,
that you can't see being done to yourself”

“There must be some people for whom difficult behaviour wasn't a reason to end their relationship with you. if they liked you...they were prepared to maintain contact, even if you were sad, upset or behaving in very challenging ways.”



“I wasn't cold, but I was shivering when I walked onto the Clayton Road overpass. I wasn't scared either, even when I climbed over the rail. I didn't feel much of anything.”



“Often he would play his saddest tunes on the beach and pretend that the sea stopped its roaring to listen to them.”



“This is a book about how it really is possible to grow through heartbreak. Enter like a child and exit like an adult. Really, truly feeling it.”



“
Shout at me,
I want to tell him.
Fight back, because I deserve it.
I deserve to be fed all the ways I've made him feel unwanted, slapped, with my own selfishness, But he's Percy, so he doesn't say another cruel word. Even at his worst, he's so much better than me.”



“Perhaps this would be a great day, the first of a great era, and he would be proud in after years to have had his part in it. Even if his part had been a dark one. Some men, after all, can only play dark parts.
- Shenkt”



“the longest silence ever. Like, find a rope and tie it around your neck and hang your fucking self silence.”



“[...] For the first time she asked herself if she has some good reason for wanting to go on living. She should find no reply, replies do not always come when needed, and it often happens that the only possible reply is to wait for them.”



“In a thunderous storm her heart cried out in a roar in pain.”

“In a thunderous storm her heart cried out in a roar of pain”

“Don't boast on your existence,
It is death who is giving you respite.”

“You need to move away when you realise you’re doing more harm than good. No matter how much they make you happy, they also make you sad, and sometimes you need to distant yourself from that very same thing.”

“Sad and miserable people will hate you for being happy and will hate the things your doing or the things that makes you happy. It has nothing to do with what you did to them or what you didn't do to them.”

“All right, he may not be queer. He's just a nothing, which is worse. He isn't normal enough to have any kind of sex life, if you know what I mean.”



“Sneaking in undetected is better than charging in and eating only the slowest.”

“When the pirate Sir Francis Drake attacked Riohacha in the sixteenth century Úrsula Iguarán's great-great-grandmother became so frightened with the ringing of alarm bells and the firing of cannons that she lost control of her nerves and sat down on a lighted stove. The burns turned her into a useless for the rest of her days.”



“Gat, my gat.”

“Why are you sad?"
"Because you speak to me in words and I look at you with feelings”



“He felt like a shard from a broken vase; forever cut off from the shape he could have been a part of, unable to find his place in the great puzzle, his edges dangerously sharp.”



“It's easier to be sad in a foreign place. Everything feels new and less real, and you can hold on to the illusion that all your problems will go away at the next stop; just keep going down the endless road, chasing the mirage.”



“Tal vez hoy nos robes la vida, pero ten en cuenta lo siguiente: ¡nosotros nos llevaremos a cambio la tuya!”



“I thought we told each other everything."
"This isn't about us."
"It's always going to be about us"
"No, you want this to be about you. You care about what happens to me because of what would mean for you. You are the only thing that matters to you.”



“
Shout at me,
I want to tell him.
Fight back, because I deserve it.
I deserve to be fed all the ways I've made him feel unwanted, slapped with my own selfishness, But he's Percy, so he doesn't say another cruel word. Even at his worst, he's so much better than me.”



“
Shout at me,
I want to tell him.
Fight back, because I deserve it.
I deserve to be fed all the ways I've made him feel unwanted, slapped with my own selfishness. But he's Percy, so he doesn't say another cruel word. Even at his worst, he's so much better than me.”



“I will always protect you" he told me, his jaw tight, his eyes shadowed. "You deserve to feel safe in your own home. And I'll help you with the foundation. I'll teach you what you need to know to take this life like you were born to it. But this...us..." He swallowed. "It can't happen, Avery. I've seen the way Jamerson looks at you.”




“Will you tell me who hurt you?
I imagine saying, 'You.' But that is nothing more than childishness.”



“Fireheart, why do you cry?
Because I am lost and I do not know the way back”

“And every time we talk
Every single word builds up to this moment
And I gotta convince myself
I don't want it even though I do”

“People are like icebergs. You only see what's on the surface.”

“I don't give a damn if i go to hell.”

“If you felt empty and sad after doing something, you probably did a great thing.”



“No offense but telling someone something that you're really passionate and excited about and getting little to no response is one of the worst feelings ever.”

“In real life I'm waking up alone
It's one more night you didn't make it home
And one more time you won't pick up the phone
In real life you never bring me flowers
When you're here it's only for an hour
I'm getting used to being on my own
Because in real life you're not what I thought
Real life, this isn't what I want
Guess things aren't always what they seem
But in my dreams, I'm waking up to roses
Champagne, kisses and I know it's always, always
Gonna be, gonna be this way
In my dreams, you're standing right beside me
Two hearts finally colliding
Then I wake up and realize, realize this is real life
Real life, this is real life, real life, real life
Real life, whoa-oh, whoa-oh, whoa-oh, oh, real life
In real life it doesn't always work out
People fall in love and then they fall out
Hearts can break and never make a sound
Because in real life you're not what I thought
Real life, this isn't what I want
Guess things aren't always what they seem
But in my dreams, I'm waking up to roses
Champagne, kisses and I know it's always, always
Gonna be, gonna be this way
In my dreams, you're standing right beside me
Two hearts finally colliding
Then I wake up and realize, realize this is real life.”

“And now his smile is a little sad. And I think about all the things we could be if we were never told our bodies were not built for them.”



“And the further he departed from childhood and the nearer he came to the present the more worthless and doubtful were the joys.”



“I've always hated the idea of hugs, but you know, I guess sometimes it's the people who say they hate hugs that actually need it the most”



“One day .....you will realise, you might not like it, but you will understand why”

“How could I have known then, there are no rules, no expectations, no rising to the occasion. When you learn news like this, there is only falling.”



“I don't care what they said about me behind my back. I just want to know why they felt so comfortable to say it around you.”

“It meant that if we let ourselves, we could get closer than we had ever been. Disappear into each other. You'd bleed and I wouldn't. Then we both would.”



“I heard politicians on the TV talk about a 'war of words'. Suddenly I felt as if I was in a war as well-a war of silence.”

“Sad is not the land with no hero. Sad is the land that needs a hero.”



“Maybe guilt isn't about mourning people but about making them a part of you as you go forward.”



“If my mother could, she would pick up the shards of my shattered life and cut me with them”



“It seems he cannot get near me, with my deep well of sadness, with my myopic awareness of the pain of the past and the severity of our family's dysfunction, without drinking from the well himself. Ten years later and my father's caught up with me With my eyes holding steady the reflection of all that happened, he looks into them and cannot deny the pain. The gift of burden I carry as the family truth teller is a token he willingly takes from me now. Where once I saw his tears as coins to cleanse me, too much time has passed for me to have remained in that purgatory. Our family's poison held as a ruby in my throat for so long now, I see him cry, but it's me who is under glass. No longer with a child's heart, his tears fall on barren soul.”



“Loneliness is not the absence of companions but rather the absence of like-minded companions.”

“In the end, you are nothing but a fading memory.”



“Loneliness is not the absence of people but the absence of like-minded people.”



“As cruel as it may seem, attachments make you weak. To truly withstand pain, one must forget how to love.”



“Maybe a slow dance wouldn’t heart? So, I walked over and asked him to dance. It was nice, he wasn’t creepy at all, and it was kind of sweet. He’s leaning against the wall and I am pressed upon him and out of nowhere I just kiss him like I never kissed another.
Where half dancing and I am half grinding against him, he’s so in love with me I can just tell and make out. I never- ever thought that would happen. Ray is off with his little slut for the night anyways. It’s time for me to have some fun too. Two can play the cheating game! Isn’t spitefulness fun!
Jenny cries when she sees us and stumbles off when she is on Kenneth’s lap.
Jenny never cries! What is up with that?
But, is she crying over me being with Marcel or him? They walk up after slow dances are over, Jenny and Ken throwing an arm around each of us like it’s been years since we were together, and we all are old buddies. She snatches the vodka from me and takes a sip while her arm is still wrapped around my shoulders, Jenny’s face is so close to mine, I can feel her eyelashes brush against my cheek. I forgot- I was still holding it when I had my arms wrapped around Marcel's neck.
I guess I was lost in the moment.
‘Where did you go tonight Kar?’ She yells. Her voice is raspy but loud, even over the music and the wide-ranging sounds of everybody talking and laughing like idiots. ‘I was looking everywhere for you.’ ‘I was sitting here all night,’ I said, ‘total bull-crap,’ Ken, and Jenny says, ‘we saw you coming out of his room.
All sneaking out of his room like you just had sex. And you obtusely changed, what did he do jizz all over your dress?’ ‘Nothing happened- I was just looking around.’ Ken- ‘Yeah we got it, you were looking up and kneeling on the ground, in his room. Am I right? And then you end up naked together in his bed slapping hips?”



“being positive again the most hard thing after break up”

“Up till now some of it will endure in my reminiscence unflinching and vibrant. (I may have passed on reading a bewitched story with I was never- ever meant to read about my family, and the hex of losing everything that I loved, I wonder if the girls set me up for this one?) I can hear whispers, whispers I can feel, whispers that used to give me a thrill, whispers from the ones that kill, whispers that give me a chill, I recall whispers while trying to find love, I hear them whispering, just like the girl in the story that I should have known, that I may need to find.
Even so, I have to comprehend it is all that I want to think of, and not what they choose for me to arouse, I was forbidden to see her… nevertheless, I did, the day before my end. I hear a soft voice! After that moment with her- You know I think that life is all optimal; one can either select to live comfortably or choose to live in fear, and that is what I did the fear of not fitting in and they kill me for it.
They're still killing me, every day not to find out what I love the most, and that is not my girlfriends, it comes down to two. I ask him to do more for me, yet is he? Or has he, or has she done it all for me, that is the question. I know that someday he will answer me, and if he doesn’t, she will! I feel I want her to; she is the one the most like me, and I feel she needs me more. And I love that about her she needs me, and that is love.
Yet I feel like this- There is nothing to do in this here for me, or then her or should it be him? I know that my dad would disown me for dating a girl, so- I don’t get what I should do. I use things like with a boy anyway, so I should just go with the real thing inside me, I am not a lez-bo! But that girl could sway me- I don’t know. There is just a glow in my mouth- like all the white teeth teens want me to be, it’s all spitting out, yet I have swallowed it, yet they don’t. Look at my eyes with bloodshot eyes, with tears running down her cheeks, and everything in-between feeling the same, you could even see all the welt markings of all their words, yet you can’t see them.
She did not even know her name… so she was named after his favorite flower, which he had everywhere in his home as I remember. There is nowhere to go, no one to see… and no one or two, which cares about me. How can I live a life of ecstasy? If infrequently one cannot have a choice, yet I want to pick this if I have anticipation, if I have the preference to.
Well, I have to live with the consequences of an entity life with me next to me and even inside me and some, I call my friends. Everyone has to bow down to them, I have been blown to yet not always the way you think I have, my live a life abortion, ripping out my heart blood dripping down my arm, and the demons I just hoping fly out of my piss so, I can strangle them with my come! Yeah, I am the only girl that will say that out loud!”

“I thought briefly of the clichés, about how you were supposed to see your life flash before your eyes. I was so much luckier. Who wanted to see a rerun, anyway?
I saw him, and I had no will to fight. It was so clear, so much more defined than any memory.
My subconscious had stored Marcel away in flawless detail, saving him for this final moment. I could see his perfect face as if he were there, the exact shade of his icy skin, the shape of his lips, the line of his jaw, the gold glinting in his furious eyes. He was angry, naturally, that I was giving up. His teeth were clenched, and his nostrils flared with rage.
‘No! Bell, no!’
My ears were flooded with the freezing water, but his voice was clearer than ever. I ignored his words and concentrated on the sound of his voice. Why would I fight when I was so happy where I was? Even as my lungs burned for more air and my legs cramped in the icy cold, I was content. I'd forgotten what real happiness felt like.
Happiness. It made the whole dying thing bearable.
The current one at that moment, shoving me abruptly against something hard, a rock invisible in the gloom. It hit me solidly across the chest, slamming into me like an iron bar, and the breath whooshed out of my lungs, escaping in a thick cloud of silver bubbles. Water flooded down my throat, choking and burning. The iron bar seemed to be dragging me, pulling me away from Marcel, deeper into the dark, to the ocean floor.
Goodbye, I love you, was my last thought.
PARIS AT THAT MOMENT, MY HEAD BROKE THE SURFACE.”



“A deep, booming chime echoed through the square. It throbbed in the stones under my feet. Children cried, covering their ears. And I started screaming as I ran.
‘Marcel!’ I screamed, knowing it was useless. The crowd was too loud, and my voice was breathless with exertion. All the same and all, I couldn't stop screaming.
The clock tolled again. I ran past a nude young girl child in her mother's arms as her hair was almost white in the dazzling sunlight.
A circle of tall men, all wearing red blazers, called out warnings as I barreled through them. The clock tolled again and again.
On the other side of the men in blazers, there was a break in the throng, space between the sightseers who milled aimlessly around me.
My eyes peered over the vast dark narrow passage to the right of the wide square edifice under the tower.
I couldn't see the street level there were still too many kids and teens in the way.”



“But when she was scared, she was a child again, and she was more afraid of being a child again than anything else in her life.”




“He wasn't scared of falling. All these years, he'd fallen many times. But falling on the ground still hurt, after all. If someone was there to catch him, it'd be more than wonderful.”



“She wouldn't leave him like this, in this cold, dark room.
She yanked out of Arobynn's grasp. Wordlessly, she unfastened her cloak and spread it over Sam, covering the damage that had been so carefully inflicted. She climbed onto the wooden table and lay beside him, stretching an arm across his middle, holding him close.”



“But when she was scared, she was a child again, and she was more scared of being a child again than anything else in her life.”



“I can forget about her for hours or even whole days, and then the truth rushes back like a brush fire, burning me from the inside out. The person you loved? They're gone.”



“Forget him. What is treasure? Or Briseis, or honor, or anything? Next to the life of the one I loved best and dearest? My beloved, my only Patroclus.”



“You met me when I was sad, but I'm not a sad person, and I don't want you to like that sad person who wasn't me better than you like me.”



“He let her die. You would have gone to the ends of the earth to save your High Lord."
My chest hollowed out again, but I merely said, "Yes I would have," and slipped inside to get ready.”



“Having wounded each other, the two of us licked each other's wounds.
Damaged goods both, we sought out each other.
"If you want to die tomorrow, I'm ready for my life to end tomorrow - if you care to live for today, then so will I," I vowed out loud.
Thus begins the tale of the wounded ones.
A tale of blood that splattered red and dried up black.
The tale of our never-to-heal, precious wound.
I will tell it to no one.”



“Sometimes it felt like I could disappear and no one would really care. It felt like I was a temporary fixture in someone's life until they moved on. But with LJ I felt like I mattered-always.”



“If you are sad, do not forget to sing.”

“Sometimes love gives us more pain than joy - but that doesn't mean it is worth any less.”

“Nagisa, I finally found it. I finally found it. Something only I can protect, the precious thing only I can protect. It was right here.”

“No amount of tears could soothe my broken heart”

“Sad it is, the fate of kings.”



“When things happen to people, they radiate a light. Because they’ve got a picture caught inside them. Because they were there and you weren’t. And because you’ve only got a piece and because all you can do is shrink and blow up that one tiny piece.”



“Sometimes love offers us more suffering than happiness
and more pain than beauty;
but that will never mean
that my feelings are worth less.”

“Never give the same love an opportunity to hurt you twice.”

“What did you do with time when you had it in superabundance? Where did you put your eyes when you had already seen everything? What direction should your thoughts take, when daydreams could lead you into so much trouble?”



“At night I still wake up falling through the hole I tore into your dream.”



“Hand in hand we used to walk together,
Our friendship was as gentle as a feather .
In tough moments we often giggled.
U used to hug me when people niggled.
Time has certainly changed.
The face I died to see ,
Now I hate .”

“You were the flaming meteor
about to send me up in smoke
but I kissed you anyways”



“I think I saw you in my dreams, my dear
and I learned a thing or two,
I have a soul mate, he's there somewhere
but that soul mate isn't you”



“Sometimes people that are educated and successful in life are the Antagonist.”

“Erial, I'm sorry. But your mom...is going to break her promise.”

“You are right,maybe I really don't belong or fit in anywhere,but at least here I feel a little wanted,so I'm gonna stay.”

“Happiness can easily be received, but just as easily taken away.”

“It was because I always did everything that was asked of me without a word of complaint. It was because I was so convenient in that sense that he didn’t bother to do anything about someone else pushing their work onto me.
(...)
After that incident, I started to realize there were two kinds of people: those who knew how the world worked and pushed everything they didn’t want to do on others and those who happily accepted being on the receiving end of the former’s actions. When I entered 6th grade—no, when I grew old enough to understand my surroundings, I started to realize that I was one of the latter. As I did, all my memories started to flood back, one-by-one. That time, that time, and that time too… so that’s what was happening.
(...)
It was because I never talked back.
That in itself was fine, really. None of the things I did were unmanageable. It wasn’t like I considered me doing those kinds of stuff some sort of loss, and I didn’t hate them for constantly taking it easy.
It’s just that imagining myself being used as a convenient tool made me sad.
I thought back.
At that time, my discovery made me so sad, and it was getting too painful to keep silent about it, so I told my older sister.
Even if you think that fellow human beings should help each other, others won’t necessarily think of you as being worth it. It’s not like I wanted anyone to appreciate me. I just never imagined that people thought of me as such an idiot. I won’t stay after school anymore. As long as I’m around others, they’ll ask me to do something. They probably think I’m an idiot because I always did what they asked without resisting. I don’t care about what they think. I just hate being used. Of course, if I have to do it I will. I won’t complain at all. But, if it’s not necessary… If it turns out it’s someone else’s responsibility… If I don’t have to do it, I won’t. I absolutely won’t.”



“For whatever reason, the truth was apparent—
—he would no longer extend his hand towards Dia, the same way he did on that night during the ball when they first met.
The tears inside her heart felt as if they filled her chest to the brim.
All Dia could do now was to carefully and cunningly pull the thin strings so her beloved King of the Night wouldn’t go anywhere.
If they hadn’t met during that day where the night was the longest, she wouldn’t have fallen for him all over again like that.
She would have stayed as a vengeful ‘ghost’ that wanted revenge on those who killed her loved ones, without being stirred by wishes and hopes like that…”



“No amount of tears could not soothe my sorrow after all these years”

“It is sad to forget. But it's a lonely thing to be forgotten.”




“And the pain hits me again. And again. And again. It feels like forever. And though in the end I can't even scream, in the end I lose any sense of who or what I am, I know that even if I knew where Auri and the others were, I'd never tell them now. Because as much as it hurts, as deep as it cuts, all the pain is nothing compared to the agony of the only thought I cling to.
My Cat's gone.
She's really gone.
And they took her from me.”



“She draws him out of bed, and into the kitchen, and Henry sits on a stool and listens as she makes an omelet and tells him about the first time she flew a plane, heard a song on the radio, saw a moving picture.
This is the last gift she can give him, these moments he will never have.
And this is the last gift he can give her, the listening.
And he wishes they could climb back into bed with Book, but they both know there’s no going back. And now that he’s up, he cannot bear the stillness. He is all restless energy, and urgent need, and there isn’t enough time, and he knows of course that there will never be.
That time always ends a second before you’re ready.
That life is the minutes you want minus one.”



“What I can’t let go of is the way I tried just now to tell my mum my world was falling apart, and she left.”



“I have no friends. I need help. Please talk to me”

“Tyler!"
I'm sorry.
"TYLER, DON'T GO!"
I'm so sorry.
And I slap on my safety harness.
And I hit the eject button.
And I blast out into the burning fold.”



“Estamos todos sozinhos, presos num corpo e na nossa própria cabeça, e qualquer companhia que temos na vida é passageira e superficial.”



“What I can’t let go of is the way I tried just now to tell my mum my world was falling apart, and she Ieft”



“Because you have nothing, it doesn't mean you are useless.
Because we don't know you. It doesn't mean you are not important.
Because some ill treat you or abuse you.
It doesn't mean you are not special.
Because others hurt you, it doesn't mean you are not loved.
You mean a lot to other people, even thou ,you don’t know it .
Choose to live and choose life.
We are all fighting demons, depression, poverty, rejection, failure, hate, unemployment, and a lost of loved ones. We just choose to focus on positive things in life, rather than negative things. Choose to focus on good things happening than on bad things happening.”

“The mirror is my best friend, because when I cry it doesn't laugh.”

“She was sorry to have been so impatient with him. Perhaps if they had stayed together longer, Sabina and Franz would have begun to understand the words
they used. Gradually, timorously, their vocabularies would have come together, like bashful lovers, and the music of one would have begun to intersect with the music of the other. But it was too late now.”



“After, Christmas felt like a black hole that would suck me into it for weeks. It made me think of my mum when I didn't want ot think of her. Which understandably made me cranky, But you're not allowed to be cranky on Christmas. You're supposed to be all merry and bright.”



“The voice cut into Helen’s murky sleep, and as she cracked her eyes open, the morning sun glared through the cleft in the curtains. A woman stood over her, hands on hips. Helen felt her own fingers that dangled over the side of the bed being pulled on, and she knew Lyric was there. Squinting, she turned her head and saw the child watching her. Helen had no idea how long Lyric had been there, perhaps minutes or hours or years, as if she lived in that spot, unaging, just waiting for the curse that was cast over Helen to lift.”



“Oh,” said Hazel, “they reacted just about the way the grownups did. They just looked at it and didn’t say anything, just moved on to see what the next thing was.”
“What was the next thing?”
“It was an iron chair a man had been roasted alive in,” said Crosby. “He was roasted for murdering his son.”
“Only, after they roasted him,” Hazel recalled blandly, “they found out he hadn’t murdered his son after all.”



“Quando algo se perde, ao voltarmos a encontrá-lo, pode não ser mais o mesmo.”



“Mal posso esperar até ficarem livres de mim”



“I live in my bubble of Isolation and self-loathing and with time passing, I have learned to love it.”

“She was thankful she no longer felt very bad, When you are bludgeoned on the head repeatedly, you naturally and mercifully become more or less insensible and stupid,”

“And Arthur, beginning to remember and trying not to, and suddenly more afraid than ever he had been in his life before, cried out "Father-Kay- why do you kneel to me? Get up! Oh sir, get up! I cannot bear that you should kneel to me, you who have been my father all these years."
And when Sir Ector would not, he dropped on to his knees also, to be on a level with the old man again.”



“I do not understand it, this fighting and killing/ and urge to conquer." His gaze turned downward then. I touched his arm, and he glanced at me, all the sorrow on this earth filling his eyes then. "I will never understand it.”



“[Becoming a media mogul] would have eroded my soul and turned me into a smooth rock of sadness.”

“The shining light of Logres shone as high and clear as ever, but as a candle flares before it gutters out.”



“Elaine, I remember the first time I met you. You were so young, so scared. It nearly broke my heart to see you so.”



“And I am so dull and dirty. Like a small brown toad. He does not see me. How could he see me, when she is before him? Glowing and gilded in gold.”



“Do not be doing that for me," Osca said, "for if it were you lying there, and I standing over you, do you think it's one tear I'd be weeping for you?"
"I know well enough that you would not, for Dearmid O'Dyna stands between us even now," said Finn, "But as for me, I will weep for whom I choose to weep for!”

“Hollywood is loneliness beside the swimming pool.”

“She was sorry to have been so impatient with him. Perhaps if they had stayed together longer, Sabina and Franz would have begun to understand the words they used. Gradually, timorously, their vocabularies would have come together, like bashful lovers, and the music of one would have begun to intersect with the music of the other. But it was too late now.”



“Her sad eyes, they were full of wonderful stories.”

“Just because I don't talk doesn't mean I am mad, there is difference between being Mad and Sad”

“I am waiting for this starving land to open up and swallow me.”



“Want to hear a joke? Life is beautiful.”




“He thought of all the times he could have visited, and hadn't. All those missed opportunities to call. All those times he'd forgotten her birthday.”



“The first time you love someone who doesn't love you back it seems wrong, not morally but logically, a river flowing up a mountain. How can such a feeling be wrong? You'll return to that very river, as many times as it takes.”



“
I love you don't forget me whatever hpapens to me. I love you.
”



“It hurts, all of it, but we feel nothing.”



“We have to stop,” Harvard said, abrupt and desperate.
“Wait, why?” Aiden murmured, reaching to drag Harvard back when Harvard pulled away, barely seeming to understand the words Harvard had spoken. “I don’t want to. You said you didn’t want to…”
He trailed off, hands still grasping Harvard’s shirt, exerting pressure to bring Harvard back where he had been. Aiden’s eyes were heavy-lidded, almost as if he was drowsy, but it was an electric drowsiness.
For a terrifying moment, Harvard looked at Aiden and couldn’t remember why they should stop. Then he looked at Aiden and did remember.
“I don’t want to, but we have to,” Harvard tried to explain.
Aiden looked suddenly wide awake and affronted to be so, like a cat disturbed from his rest.
His voice as sharp this time as it had been soft before, he said, “Why?”
When Aiden had agreed to help Harvard with practice dating, Harvard remembered vividly the exact words he’d used. I know how dating works. It doesn’t matter, and this wouldn’t even be real dating. It doesn’t mean anything. It won’t change anything.
He looked at Aiden, his chest feeling cold and empty, bleak with despair. Harvard was just like all the rest of Aiden’s guys, only worse. He was the one who really knew Aiden, and he should know better.
Harvard said, “Because this means nothing.”



“Your memory whips harder than your betrayal!”

“There must be a connection with these skies
that I can't utter
Oh! dying sky
let my love be this melancholy
and my lover be this aloof!”

“If you sing, you will not be sad.”

“Robin was thinking, is this where single people end up, people without children to look out for them, without double incomes? In small boxes, living vicariously through reality stars?”



“Why do the unremarkable sights of a town that no longer exists make my heart hurt this much?”



“Just because I accepted it, doesn't mean it doesn't make me sad. And just because I'm sad, doesn't mean I won't heal and move on. This process of emotional mending takes perspective and natural time... my time... not the time you tell me it should.”

“I'm not worth it,”

“Hurt flared, and she could no longer hide it. When she spoke, her voice was small. “I don’t deny it. It’s always been you.”
She watched him react to the words, watched him register the truth in them. And then she said, “I just wish it were anyone else.” And with that, she turned and—pride be damned—she fled.”



“destiny, n. I know this word so close to my heart that it hurts.”



“It is going to be a sad legacy of mankind that a group of toxic nerds destroyed society.”

“I was angry at the ghost for months, would shout at it to stop trying to scare me. Now I understand it's just lonely.”



“We live in a world that tells us sadness is a pointless, useless emotion. There’s visible and invisible pressure to do something with sadness so that it’s not sad anymore. But sadness doesn’t need to be alchemized into action or positivity right away. Sometimes it’s okay to just sit with and feel your sadness, free from the obligation to make it something else. Sadness is a healthy, more-than-normal response to losing someone you love. So, let yourself have your sadness, freed from the pressure to transmute it. Know that sadness, just like every other human emotion, will pass.”



“Then I recognize the feeling I have way down underneath my scoffing and head shaking. Not doubt. Not skepticism. Only cold jealousy. Nothing is my bag. Nothing ever called out to me. If it did, I’m deaf to it, or don’t know how to listen. That’s the kind of realization that makes me too sad to speak.”



“
Id rather die than have more. Actually I'd rather die than most things. But you know that about me. Will I ever see you again? You could come and see me here. Today I imagined you walking in, like I did when your leg. I imagined you telling them to let me go because you loved me and you'd look after me. I cried . . .
”



“
Am I evil? . . . I used to think I couldn't be, because you loved me
”



“
I thought you'd come back I thought you'd stop me marrying him I didn't think you'd let me do it
”



“What is the cruelest thing, as far as people are concerned? Death, naturally. That's what I always thought. However, there's something that's crueler than death. It's forgetting the person you love while you're alive.”

“Once, words had rendered Liesel useless, but now… she felt an innate sense of power. It happened every time she deciphered a new word or pieced together a sentence. She was a girl. In Nazi Germany. How fitting that she was discovering the power of words.”



“Dear Lord," he said, "let me be like Aron. Don’t make me mean. I don’t want to be. If you will let everybody like me, why, I’ll give you anything in the world, and if I haven’t got it, why, I’ll go for to get it. I don’t want to be mean. I don’t want to be lonely. For Jesus’ sake, Amen.” Slow warm tears were running down his cheeks. His muscles were tight and he fought against making any crying sound or sniffle.
Aron whispered from his pillow in the dark, "You're cold. You've got a chill." He stretched out his hand to Cal's arm and felt the goose bumps there. He asked softly, "Did Uncle Charles have any money?"
"No," said Cal.
"Well, you were out there long enough. What did Father want to talk about?"
Cal lay still, trying to control his breathing.
"Don't you want to tell me?" Aron asked. "I don't care if you don't tell me."
"I'll tell," Cal whispered. He turned on his side so that his back was toward his brother. "Father is going to send a wreath to our mother. A great big goddam wreath of carnations."
Aron half sat up in bed and asked excitedly, "He is? How's he going to get it clear there?"
"On the train. Don't talk so loud."
Aron dropped back to a whisper. "But how's it going to keep fresh?"
"With ice," said Cal. "They're going to pack ice all around it."
Aron asked, "Won't it take a lot of ice?"
"A whole hell of a lot of ice," said Cal. "Go to sleep now."
Aron was silent, and then he said, "I hope it gets there fresh and nice."
"It will," said Cal. And in his mind he cried, "Don't let me be mean.”



“Silently and sadly, the village lived its simple life.”



“As the breeze grew in strength they didn’t go inside, but in silence watched the surface of the water grow more and more choppy. The only quiet was between them. The sound of the ocean and gale were roaring, the coldness of the air making each inch of their skin alert. Helen’s arms around the girl tightened, and the little one in turn only sank more into Helen’s chest. Despite the thinness of her dress, Helen couldn’t pick herself up to go indoors. Perhaps it was because the wind blew from her mind the fog that had been with her for days. Maybe, Helen realized, it was because the child was curled into her and Helen simply didn’t have the strength right now to pry her away.
But most of all, she knew it was because the ocean seemed a fitting place to go to say farewell.”



“Maybe I'm just tired.”



“But I know now that a smile does not mean that a person is happy, and I guess not everybody looks sad when they are depressed.”



“Sometimes, we carry our troubles so plainly that everyone can see them.”



“I always had this vision of myself doing something important during my teen years. I didn't think I would be a child prodigy, but I thought I would be something very close to it, and now I'm almost out of time. Before I know it, I'll be twenty-one and no one will be impressed by anything I do.”




“You are not the people who love you or the people you've lost. They're just parts of you. You are so much more than you've been led to believe.”



“I’m so jealous of my loneliness, I’m glad I feel the same again, Naked in the crowd cold alone, These clothes they hide no more, How long am I going to carry this existence? This living is an over hyped routine…”



“He once told me not to cry over him, that he wasn’t worth it. That he wasn’t worth being cared about by anyone else. That he was replaceable. Discardable. Trash.
That’s what the world decided he was, but the world never knew Sawyer Alston quite like I did. Despite my love of a lifetime allotting me only ten months’ time, despite Sawyer taking to heart all the wrong things in life, he only ended up being wrong about one thing.
He was worth it to me.”



“They want to be something. They'll have real jobs. And money. I don't know what I want to be. I mostly trained myself to do well at school as an antidote to all the dark thoughts, the ones that said 'no one likes you very much' and 'you have nothing to show for your life except schoolwork'.”



“I have died a million times,
Only to have taken birth again, Just to solve the mystery that she is. She is my secret, That nobody will ever know or feel…”



“She robs me of my imagination, The symptoms are clear when she is near, My eyes won’t allow me to speak, Its even hard to describe her sins, Oh the August child and her innocence…”



“Silence that sleeps in the heart of the dead, Was once bled to death in the chains of hope, In the utopian fields of loneliness. And now I am victim of my own conscience, Insulate me from my flaws and my kind…”



“Don't feel sad or get upset about your injury situation.
You can't change what has happened.
But you can change your future by being able to prevent your injuries.”

“Sometimes, the worst times, things happen and there's no reason to it at all, and all our little plans and artistries leave us with nothing but a pyre full of ash and head full of memories blowing away in the wind”



“Those French poetries in air, Are her whispers somewhere. The silence she breaks with her smile, And a thousand veils of sadness falls in my heart, With just a glimpse of her…”



“Like the wines in those cedar, She never ages an inch, For the time ages in place of her, And so the musk ever present in the garden…”



“So again we take this chance to blame, This constant breathing has left us lame. But suicide is a higher understanding of life, And all that triumph is not life’s defeat…”



“Lady I know for sure you practice extra hard, To be that humble and naive, For if I was even half as beautiful as you, I’d count the stars as my admirers too, For your pure bloodline belongs to heaven…”



“She walks into the best of my dreams, And makes me pregnant with life, With all those alibis in her eyes, And those nonchalant harmless humour, That she unleashes to kill her time, Oh I just get drawn into her circle…”



“My fair maiden don’t ask, Don’t ask me about my art. You know better what I suffer from, It’s your gift, your grace, Take it away anytime you want, The words flow when you dance inside my heart. Just like the ink and paper, I am just a medium of expression of your beauty…”



“There are a thousand ways to love that I know now, And there are a thousand ways to kiss that I know now, A thousand ways to kneel and hold hands in the dark, But only one woman to feel all this for and that would be her…”



“It feels so warm inside when I look into your eyes, There is no other place I would love to hide. And if I could save these feelings for the years to follow, Reality would be a bit easier to bear and swallow…”



“A pledge of hope, a pledge of patience, We are victims of our own contradiction, Renew the orgasm of ignorance, And follow the promise of peace…”



“Do you still prefer those baby blue sweaters, Red umbrellas and yellow hair? Do you still wear the same old summer fragrance that haunts me? Or have you changed it for the man you have coffee with?”



“Worship the withered, Leave alone the grief, There is wisdom in nature’s prudence. These emotions are our own conclusion…”



“She is the translation of silence, A symphony of the sea, She is best understood without words, Like the prefigure of spring, She is a meaning never heard…”



“And petite Neslihan, She is the smile on the face of Earth, A child of Renaissance, God took more time to carve her than you and me, She can be anything to anyone, She is the Eden in blossom, The pleasure is to watch her, Not to touch, For I fear to pollute the divine, Oh she is an art unfolding…”



“I need to hurry for I fear to run out of life. For I know I am dealing with a princess here, So teach me how to love you best, Grow on me as I grow on you…”



“Every memory either good or bad, Makes us a slave of an ever increasing past, But bondage is life’s eternal message, The real freedom is in her chains…”



“The shortest path to happiness is the path of love.”

“There are no happy endings. You just haven't read the next chapter, or the sequel, where everyone dies or decides they aren't happy anymore.”

“If I’m happy because of something -even if that thing persists- my happiness in time vanishes. But if I regret something or become sad about something that sadness or regret can follow me for many years, maybe even to my deathbed.”



“Emotions in my opinion are not something we should act on rather they are cryptic messages that we need to understand.”



“I was so afraid of being sad, I never gave myself any chance to be happy”



“I didn't belong on the land or on the docks or the cities that lay across the Narrows, The place I belonged was gone”




“I want no fate other than what is written by her, For I believe in her providence. And even if my heart is meant to be broken, I want her to do that honour, For I pray to her to grant me a warm ending…”



“Feel the bewitchment of silence, Stop the negotiations within, Give up the armistice with failure, When everything is lost which was meant to be, And now all that remains is you…”



“Let her flower gracefully, No matter which garden she chooses to be in, No matter which season it is, No matter who the gardener is, Let there be admirers and lovers at her doorsteps, Let there be worshipers at her feet, Let there be love and let her be loved…”



“If not my own fantasy then, Whose imagination am I? Not a day goes by wondering, Where exactly am I? Inside my head or inside your eye…”



“It’s such a beautiful day to die today, Nothing is coming my way, No more pressure and nothing to say, I think it’s time for a summer spray…”



“From one pain to another, I walked down a path, I thought I knew so well and how? Another lover leaving without a goodbye…”



“Meet me eye to eye, Let the feelings multiply, No more fear, we are near, Hand in hand, Chained by love forever…”



“You don't know love,
So you won't be able to love me.”

“Nights like this feel like they'll never end....”

“When leaving becomes an option staying becomes a choice”

“He would've waited forever if she had been willing to come back.”

“If only letting go of memories was as easy as letting go of people.”

“See me now through the eyes of death, Love me now with your every breath…”



“Before they dress me in black, And leave me in abyss to rot, Hug me one last time, And through my icy cold breathing, Hear my deceased heart saying, Darling I will love you deep, From my eternal chamber of sleep…”



“And if you ever remember my grave my love, Leave some flowers, letter and kisses, To keep me warm in your memories, I shall wait patiently to meet you again…”



“Who you see in mirror is lonely, Reflections are nothing but a work of truth, We are the soldiers without a war, Betrayed once again by the lines…”



“My promised land, your heart, I am here, your believer, As I kiss your holy feather feet, A thousand times as a prayer and wait, For you to lift the veil and let me in, Oh it’s a long pilgrimage into you…”



“All she need is someone, To buy her all her fun, She looks so happy in that smile, She is content all the while, But she knows deep within her heart, It won’t last her all the mile…”



“Thy praises I sang night and day, Life was blur but better this way, Now you left and so did my smile, Memories they ache and difficult to hide…”



“She is the room I lock myself in, When I try to hide from my life. It’s her smile that I use, To erase those unholy hours. For she is the real gardener of my soul…”



“It’s her gift that I smile, More often than I could. It’s her gift that I love, More often than I would. It’s her gift that I believe in living, More often than I should…”



“I fear to lose you more than losing my life, I wonder is there any difference between the two? My fears may be unfound but still I fear, And this fear is eating me to the point, That I can’t live without loving you even more…”



“And the memories of your childhood scar, Photographs, dimples and glasses, Recollection of the scent of your naked skin, And after shower hair, You should know and learn to forgive me, For the innocent things I do to you inside my mind…”



“To each eyes that you comfort, You mean something different. As if a thousand lives that you have lived, You could be anything to anyone. I wonder how you would like to be remembered. To me you are the sweet maiden, Who is busy writing my life on paper. Or are you a story I am living, Through your dove like eyes…”



“There are no bad memories that haunt me, No good memories to hold on too. Neither a giver of hope nor receiver of any. Neither the seeker of the first dawn nor the last. Neither the worshipper of number nor of any name. All I want is to be my own lover, Let me be my own first and the very last desire,”



“Please make me a part, Of all your innocent rituals in red, And then tie me up with your yellow knots, Until I am sober in my head…”



“I got some Herbs, I need some bones, From the graves of our past, Let’s burn some skeletons without soul, Let’s sniff some more gum and coal…”



“As I age half dead, without grace, The triumph of the pills and the bills, Shadow, my shadow, my widow, Breathe in, breathe in and breathe out, The signature of stigma as I vaporize in the sun, Into the clouds, my grave, and then rebirth,”



“Roselyn I want to do to you something dark, That only our shadows will remember in silence, Before we fade away along this, Silent side of the moss hidden road, That crawls lazily through the woods, And disappears along with the lamppost in the fog ahead…”



“She lives the same old story, Of promises that were never meant to be, She knows she better hurry, Before the sun sets on her youthful hue…”




“And here I am on my borrowed time.”



“I fear a future that I cannot grasp, As I bargain myself through this life. My promises are fantasies which I sell and buy, And the more I lust the more I lie,”



“The things I love, And the things I hate, Are all inside my head, Still not content with what I waste, And whatever pleases me I chase. So when do I stop this haste?”



“Suffer now they said for a better distant life, It’s a lie I need to believe in because everyone else does. And I wonder if self-control means waiting? Because that’s the only thing I have ever done…”



“My lines have already been drawn, In her pristine existence. For she can stop my clock, And change my time into space, And I can feel all this, Without an ounce of spirit…”



“And for me to see all this, A strange happiness crosses my mind, For I wait patiently for her heart to get broken, So I could beg at her doorsteps again…”



“Ever split your heart into two? Or were you busy buying those foreign dreams, From lips you wouldn’t have otherwise kissed, But now all your best laid plans, Ended up in tears and cans, And it pains now even without loving. Do you remember that boy, Who wanted to be your man?”



“Oh passer-by, but let not her smile deceive you, Into believing that you can possess her too, For she was here long before you, For she would be here long after you turn into ashes, For she is no one’s, yet everyone’s to love…”



“I do leave my bed to see tomorrow, And traverse the landscape that my desires paint, But every night when I return to my bed, My existence seems to be a mere exercise in repetition…”



“If not for those kisses that she plants on me, The bruises that time leaves would never heal, And I surrender to the warmth of her embrace, As she teaches me how to feel and let go of things…”



“No woman would ever explore me, For nothing is left in me for them to claim. They still think of you when they think of me, For they know how brutally you loved me once…”



“You have scarred me for a lifetime, Even the angels won’t take me without your permission. I’m your leftover they say, And I’m all yours to keep…”



“God gifted me this life, But the days pass by without a choice, And to keep discovering the same old things, Oh to find myself on the verge of nowhere. I keep reminding my loneliness, Everything is but just a passing phase…”



“Sitting beneath the Nazi Cross, Counting all her past lovers, Whose names she barely remembers, I wonder, to her, if they are just a number, For her smile widens with every count, Her favorite pass time post bedtime, Feeling guilty to what she did to them, But the smile refuses to fade, For God, innocently she says, will forgive her and all her guilty pleasures, Because that’s his duty to do so…”



“The believers sing the holy songs of fear, Virgin silence has long bled to tears, Fear no more child the mother says, You shall be safe again in another grave…”



“She rests in peace somewhere in heaven, As I am still counting the years, it has been seven, Of what made her happy back then is now hurting me much, As I delve through her memories here on earth, Dear Lord this love should never have taken birth. Of what made her happy back then is now hurting me much.”



“She came, She saw, She conquered, And how easily I surrendered, Without even giving a fight, So blinded was I by her radiant light, She pierced my heart with a single touch, Her bewitching eyelashes and whispering smile, Left me paralyzed for a while,”



“To forget easily is not a gift I am blessed with, The winters and those valentines, I did my loving all the time, But now the difference, She sits in heaven with saint valentine,”



“What do I know? Of how your lips taste, And how your kisses heal, And how your hugs feel. What do I know of how it feels? To drown in your eyes, And to rest in your arms. I can but only imagine…”



“Hidden in the air, The feeling slowly grows, And then the haunting starts, Like some whispering in the dark, Intoxicating the mind, And then I know it’s time, To worship her shrine…”



“The journey is to find our way back to the start, And seek the future in our past, For far into the distance I see someone like me, Trying to figure out the same old lie that life is…”



“There is no hurry in heaven, No time runs up there, Even the Gods have a disease, Boredom they say. Live, please don’t leave, No river of wine flows up there, No water too pure to cure your sins, No land too holy to die for, Live, don’t leave…”



“And your eye lashes do that to me every now and then, Make my heart skip a beat. Do that to me often so I can, Complain to God about this life being so short, And beg him for another life time besides you…”



“Busy painting the trees green, To bring back her spring, You make the snow look so pale, Do you belong to some fairy tale?”



“With every breath we can end it all, The gift of life is not for all, But our long bloodless crawl, Like kings without a quest, The real romance is in this feeling of death…”



“For a grownup like me, To learn from her, What it takes to love, It comes naturally to her…”



“Will I find a place in your memory? Or if you choose to write a story, I wonder if you will remember? Or will I be your forgotten December?”



“I am scared to look inside me, Except me everyone else is in here, And they said education was the cure, Now of not even one thing that I am sure…”



“If your photographs can make me shiver, Even In the warmth of a burning wax. If just a simple glance from you, Can destroy the difference between, Night and day and the time in between, And I even fear to look into those beautiful brown eyes, Are those eyes doors to another realm?”



“When you’re sad, Little Star, go out of doors. It’s always better underneath the open sky.”




“I mean, I know people have always bin afraid of me. Kids specially, but old people too. Wary. They reckon I’m just half an animal with half a vote. That I’m no good. And I always used to think, why? They don’t even know me. Nobody does. It never made sense. But then I realized, that’s exactly why. That’s all it is. It’s so stupid, Charlie. But it means I don’t hate them anymore.”



“I would switch on a baseball game and pretend to watch it as I cut the empty space between me and the television set in two, then cut each half in two again, over and over, until I had fashioned a space small enough to hold in my hand.”

“I carry the weight of my emptiness, And see the world through eyes of needs, These needs breeds more habits, And these habits preserve my loneliness…”



“It’s the winter of my youth now, And there is no one even to hug, The girl I longed for never came, And all the waiting turned into, These long and lonely hours, Which faded into the pages of some books… And what is left of all this learning now, If not just worries and fears.”



“Every passing day I am a shadow of yesterday, As nameless as any other passer-by, While slowly life leaks away and time passes by, Only responsibilities and wrinkles multiply, And destiny is all that is left as an alibi…”



“I feel now like a cigarette in a dustbin, In two minds about everything, Educated only to procrastinate, Until tomorrow as always, As my mind wanders endlessly…”



“All those coffees have turned into sour kisses, And now her black smoked eyes, Are searching for an escape, In those bottles of Vodka.”



“As I battle this plague from past, I pin my hope in your sacred grace, Thy love shall resurrect itself I know, In the most unholiest of places…”



“And when our smiles meet I become speechless, My pen becomes wordless by thy sight, So I choose silence in your presence, Oh! The joy to watch you without judgment…”



“You gave birth to this century, To an age I call my life, And you coloured my hidden emotions, So I could express them while I am alive…”



“We lose more than we ever gain, But this lust just never ends, So gather whatever you may today, Before time comes and takes everything away…”



“Now all that is left of education for me, Is to read and write your name, Those blank pages invite me evermore, To fill them over and over, With your memories that ever grows…”



“And although my life is not a blessing, I still bless your name, For whatever little joy in my life that is left, It is left in hearing your name…”



“Shall come to pass the weather of failure, As hopes exposes itself in layers, What winter loses is springs gain, The dawn shall seek the dark again…”



“Come and infect me, With the happiness you suffer from. Come and bring me, To the point of tears. Come and haunt me, I wait here lonely. Oh come just to break your vows again…”



“I wonder why she hides her pretty eyes, Behind those Wayfarers, it’s such a waste, Is it sadness or the neon lights?”

“I offered my love wrapped in words, But she knew she could do much better than just words. And now she is in love again, Undressed in the arms of another man…”



“And to a start and to an end, If ever you exist except inside my head, Know that time ceaselessly walks uninvited, Towards an ending for a new beginning of another end…”



“Time doesn't heal. It opens old wounds and starts new ones. Each one took a hand, a foot, or a piece of one year and forgot to give it back.”



“War
All it left were your broken pieces
Mood swings, and limbs in pins
Like kings,
You suffer from depression
And there’s no question
It has left you with all this aggression.”



“The sad seek comfort. The happy seek meaning. The wise enjoy the moment.”

“That day the explosion took Abe and left Savage in his place. Gone is the laid back man who would talk for hours about the woman he left behind. He always said he’d marry her when he was back stateside. Now we can’t say her name without him getting up and leaving the room.”



“Do not be sad, for the joy of the Lord is your strength.”

“As vezes eu queria ter morrido no carro com a Kerry. Acho que teria sido mais fácil para a minha mãe. Ela teria a chance de começar do zero.”

“Há alguma coisa errada comigo, além da melancolia.”

“A vida é repleta de tristezas: pouco importa o que fazemos, no final todos vamos morrer; cada um de nós está preso à solidão de um corpo independente; o tempo passa e o que passou nunca voltará. A dor é a nossa primeira experiência de desamparo no mundo, e ela nunca nos deixa.”

“It was the same rainy night when everything had a meaning, and your existence was worth embracing.”

“Yes, I believe that God cries. For the heart of any true parent is shattered beyond reparation when they have invested their greatest treasures in their children only to have their children recklessly trample upon those riches as if they were the stuff of nothing. And once they’ve trampled them sufficiently, to then watch them set out on some spurious path wherein the children live out the whole of their lives themselves being trampled. Oh yes, God cries. Yet, it is I who stands on this road with riches forfeited crying not for the poor choices that I’ve made, but because I am the child who made God cry.”

“It does matter anyway, we’re all gonna die someday and there’s nothing we can do.”

“We are the thirteen. From now until darkness claims us.”




“If love and friendship makes you unhappy, try solitude.”



“Alex stares out onto the empty platform. “Do you hate me? For not answering your messages?”
“No. I don’t hate you.” Hatred and anger make me sad. I don’t do sad. It’s better to convince yourself you feel nothing.”



“Who will be lost in the story we tell ourselves? A story, after all, is a kind of swallowing.”

“I used to wonder- at night when it was quiet enough in the cabin to think, when I let myself get to the point of wishing for home- if the home in my heart was supposed to be the place where I'd been born, or if it was the place that was raising me. If I got to choose it, or if it had somehow already claimed me. The truth was, when I looked at my reflection in the window, I couldn't see any bit of the Ruby that had lived in a little white house at the end of a lane, honey sticking to her fingers and hair falling from her braids. And it made me feel empty in a way- like I had forgotten the words to my favorite song. That girl was gone forever, and all that was left was a product of the place that had taught her to fear the bright things inside of her heart.”



“I began to picture the world without me in it.”



“This sorrowful world... envelop it as gently as the night sky. -- Eugeo”

“Afraid
B mine you a 9 over 9
Terry always got me smiling
Your smile got me cheering
But it’s much deeper than it seems
My days feel anxious ever since
The day, winter came, barged in
Terrified of knowing what I deserve
Petrified of opening up, carved in
Running out of options, running out of magic
I tired to keep it on the low, tried to keep em in my mind
Bc I don’t really know love.i don’t really glow inside
Weathered hidden by my fake holt walls
Break me down, break em down, or don’t
Doesn't matter who you are, soon we’ll come to the end
Soon we’ll come to the end, just like this sad song”

“There is no sorrow in singing.”

“You don't need permission to move on.”

“It is difficult. To be one who endures.”

“When we were young, she was the star in my heavens.”

“suggesting that, though their situation might be strange , there was nothing new about suffering .”



“憂傷有製造日期，卻沒有保存期限。”



“Do not be sad nor sorrow. But shed your tears, when you must.”

“Neither be sorrow nor sad but cry when you can.”

“I wonder about all the so-called great experiences I'm going to miss; I wonder about the relativity of greatness”



“You'll find when you are sad, there'll come a point when you are so sad you don't even know you are sad anymore. It's quite nice.”

“Hurt people don't Hurt people”

“I just wanted you to feel something. Like really feel. So, I pushed for you to break and to feel inside how I'm feeling. But I get it now. How can you when you haven't been through what I'm going through?”



“I wonder if I can cry hard enough in the next twenty minutes that my tears will fill my room and I can sail away from all my problems.”



“Love doesn't see color, only pure hearts.”



“so if you’d see me now
on these streets
where I once imagined walking with you
you’d have a hard time recognising me.
It takes a lot to run away.”



“The day was one of those early Spring days that for some mysterious reason, very hard to analyse, are felt to be ill-omened and unpleasant. Something was certainly wrong with this day! All animal nerves felt it. All human nerves felt it. All living things were irritable, restless, disturbed; sick without being sick; sad without being sad; annoyed without any apparent cause for annoyance!”



“He can't know what it was like, not the first time, not the last. He can guess, but he won't ever know, not really. What it was like, what she was thinking, everything she'd never told him. Whether she thought he'd failed her, or whether she wanted him to let her go. This, more than anything, makes him feel that she is gone.”



“I love Leonard Cohen, but he's not the guy you want on in the background when you're working or whatever."
"Brilliant. I've studied his poetry, of course, but never heard him sing."
"My mom loved him. She had a taste for dark themes, sad music- all that regret, you know- and Cohen has this great, deep voice, rumbly, raw, but it's the words that make his songs. He was such an old, old soul, especially about relationships.”



“He could not imagine being jealous of anibody's papa.
Having the best papa in the world, Matthew would be perfectly satisfied whit him.
If only he could be certain that Henry Was his papa.”

“My heart keeps beating twice my pace and I’m worried about what?
I.do.not.know
but the anxiety is creeping up and my chest tightens and I lock myself in the bathroom to breathe. I escape wherever whoever I’m with when this happens and I still don’t know why it keeps happening but it does and I just get so fucking sad and worried and unstill and I can’t stop it.”



“When the pilot's chair is empty.”



“Sometimes sharing to the person you love seems to be usual, that one day your sharing doesn't seem to be making sense to them”

“He and Nina had never exchanged gifts or rings; they’d had no possessions they shared. They had been wanderers and soldiers. Even so, she could not leave him with nothing. From her pocket, she drew a slender sprig of ash and let it drift down into the grave, followed by a smattering of withered red petals from the tulips their compatriots had placed on his chest when they bid him goodbye in Ketterdam.
“I know you never cared for sweets.” Her voice wobbled as she let a handful of toffees fall from her hand. They made a hollow patter. “But this way I’m with you, and you can keep them for me when I see you next. I know you won’t eat them yourself.”




“My only comfort is that you never could have been mine. But know that I would have gladly been yours.”



“Tonight I've watched
the moon and then
the Pleiades
go down
The night is now
half gone; youth
goes; I am
in bed alone”

“We all have a trigger build into our head... Not aware of its existence whatsoever. But a single word can pull the trigger. Forcing us to feel numb, allowing the shadows to sip through the cracks in our build up shell.”

“The jet-fuel smell thick in the air, the flame and smoke surrounding you, you can only get to 011 and that's enough to make you foreign, to make you other, to make you Mexican. You take out your wallet and put an ID between your teeth so they can find you when it all collapses. Your flesh may burn but your teeth will remain and the ID will be there. It's a fake ID. Nobody will ever know you died. Nobody will ever know you lived.”



“How will a girl like me born childrens? Why will I fill up the world with sad childrens that are not having a chance to go to school? Why make the world to be one big, sad, silent place because all the childrens are not having a voice?”



“Just tell her the B side's the sad one, and that the sad ones are the truth.”



“Hes that kind of man. Every few years he sends news of where he is, and he even turned up on the doorstep unannounced once or twice when we were still at school. He's not a bad person, just a flighty one.”



“Sadness that is caused by the absence of love
is deadly to the heart.”

“At times one feels happy being sad.”

“her eyes have shed more tears than the skies
her pen has bled more blood than her heart
she sleep with her eyes open wide
laughing, she says it's an art.
the melancholy that she is
they don't know the story of
days she spends are warm and cozy
at nights, her soul is ripped off”

“I was once told in Sunday school that a church tower reaches up skywards because it is a promise of Heaven. Church towers are different in France. It was the first thing I noticed when I came here, when I changed my world of home for my world of war. In comparison the church towers at home seem almost squat, hiding themselves away in the folds of the fields. Here there are no folds in the fields, only wide open plains, scarcely a hill in sight. And instead of church towers they have spires that thrust themselves skywards like a child putting his hand up in class, longing to be noticed. But God, if there is one, notices nothing here. He has long since abandoned this place and all of us who live in it.”



“Are warchildren so frightening? Are we not human, too?”



“And I'll see you. We're not done seeing each other."
"At the end of the summer, maybe, I can meet you somewhere before school," I say.
"Yeah," she says. "Yeah, that's a good idea." I smile and nod. She turns away, and I am wondering if she means any of it when I see her shoulders collapse. She is crying.
"I'll see you then. And I'll write in the meantime," I say.
"Yes," she says without turning around, her voice thick. "I'll write you, too."
It is saying these things that keeps us from falling apart. And maybe by imagining these futures we can make them real, and maybe not, but either way we must imagine them. The light rushes out and floods in.”



“Wounded. Like Caroline Mathers had been a bomb and when she blew up everyone around her was left with embedded shrapnel.”



“I wish I could pause life just the way I pause movies.”

“A Standard American Diet (SAD) may eventually kill you.”

“It is OK to be sad, hurt and to worry but you must drop the load and believe in yourself and dream big again.”



“It’s not everyday that you want to wear a smile on your face, but you do it anyway, no matter how hard it is.”

“Oh sweetheart," Molly explained, touching him on the arm again, kitten-light. Both of the women had tears in their eyes. For him? He didn't understand that, because they hardly new him. Piers had known him all his life and Piers hadn't cared at all.”



“Estou lutando para permanecer nesse mundo caótico de merda. Ficar no parapeito da torre do sino não é pra morrer. É pra ter controle. É pra nunca mais dormir de novo.”



“Que sentimento horrível deve ser amar uma pessoa e não ter como ajudá-la.”



“We do not become happy. We stop being unhappy.”

“This sad, dust-blackened place can't part us.”



“asddsa”

“Listen to my soul," Raziel thought, "Because you deserve this darkness.”



“His parents never go out or entertain; they have no dinner parties, no bridge group, no hunting buddies or luncheon pals. Like Lydia, no real friends.”



“Happiness and sadness is like black and white; never stays forever.”



“He peered into the pack and saw two or three more pieces. He could eat them now, but it might be better to wait.”



“I think I might just go out back for awhile, and sit under that big tree. I feel empty inside. I never felt so empty.”
Tim nodded. “You’ll fill up again. Trust me.”
“I guess I’ll have to.”



“Malcolm stares out the window, wishing he could glimpse Rufus on his bike turning a corner, and he finally cries, these loud, stuttering sobs, not because he’ll now have a criminal record, not because he’s scared to go to the police station, not even because Rufus is dying, but because the biggest crime of all tonight was not being able to hug his best friend goodbye.”




“I guess I have a lot of emotion stored up. But it's nothing bad. It's love. It's just love rotting up inside of me . . . That's it . . . I have too much love, I think, and nobody to give it to.”



“
Apology
I didn't mean to say so much to you.
I should have thought to let the evening end
by looking at the stars subdued
into their antique blue and alabaster hues.
Such looking would have fit with my intent.
I didn't mean to speak that way to you.
If I could take it back, I'd take it, undo
it, and replace it with the things I meant
to give—not what I let slip (it's true)
like any pristine star of ornamental hue.
I do not always do what I intend.
I didn't mean to say so much to you.
It slipped before I saw, before I knew.
Or do we always do what we intend?
Perhaps it's true and all along I knew
what I was saying—but how I wanted you.
I should have thought to let the evening end.
The placid stars seemed filled and then subdued
by what I did and did not want to do.”



“I sit, and moan,
Like one who once had wings.”

“A great poet to me
is a person who can describe a painting
in such ways
that even a person
with closed eyes
can feel the pain of the artist.”

“You did something once — you know it. O Ralph, you've been everything! What have I done for you — what can I do to-day? I would die if you could live. But I don't wish you to live; I would die myself, not to lose you." Her voice was as broken as his own and full of tears and anguish.
"You won't lose me — you'll keep me. Keep me in your heart; I shall be nearer to you than I've ever been.”



“I shall stay here as long as I may, I don't want to think — I needn't think. I don't care for anything but you, and that's enough for the present. It will last a little yet. Here on my knees, with you dying in my arms, I'm happier than I've been for a long time. And I want you to be happy — not to think of anything sad; only to feel that I'm near you and I love you. Why should there be pain? In such hours as this what have we to do with pain? That's not the deepest thing; there's something deeper.”



“I was never good at being sad. Partly because my mom straight up told me not to be. But this is sad, man.
Elenor
The Good Place”

“I tell him I wish I could stay with him, but not here, not on Earth. Earth is the wrong place for me, always was and will be until the day I die.”



“And from that day on
everything under the sun and moon
made me sad—”

“Day by day, just as the river
flows towards the Sea
I hope your heart brings
you homeward - back to me.”



“He had the kind of shrunken posture that promised something terrible had happened to him.”



“It was like they were strangers. Maybe they were, again.”



“Now he drops his mouth open. Now he hops in a little circle. Now he drags his leg behind him. His moans fill the air in the quiet, still house.”



“She wished to say everything; she was afraid he might die before she had done so.”



“I think I could die without its being noticed.”



“I'm a survivor—a survivor of a general wreck . . . everyone else
has
gone . . . I'm all that's left.”



“I hjertet regnet det.
Det er overskyet i hele brystet.
Jeg har lyst til å slutte å elske alle jeg elsker.”



“She sat with him at any rate, in the grey clearance—as sad as a winter dawn—made by their meeting.”



“A great poet to me
is a person who can describe a painting
in such ways
that even a person with closed eyes
can feel the pain of the artist.”

“‪I am a castle made of sands,
a house made of cards,
a diamond cut with blood,
a ship carved of dreams,
sunk beneath a sea of almosts,
an orchestra of screams,
dying,
praying,
to no one,
in a cathedral of silence.‬”

“My dear man, what has happened to you?"
"Well, that I can bear it no longer.
That's
simply what has happened. Something has snapped, has broken in me, and here I am. It's
as
I am that you must have me.”



“It's a lonely life.”



“I lost him so uncontrollably, you understand”



“I know, released, she won't come back.
This is different from letting what,
already, we count as lost go. It is nothing
like that. Also, it is not like wanting to learn what
losing a thing we love feels like, Oh yes:
I love her.”



“Is there
no saving
what betrays itself?”



“Förste was still sitting in his cell in the same place. He dared not move from the spot. There was no way out for him any more, and no rescue. With deep sadness in his heart he had to admit that the years of existing like a ghost in the bunker had not hardened him and that he was anything but a fighter. Yet he still had one satisfaction: he had remained a decent person, and with modest joy he thought of the good he had done for Höfel and Kropinski, who were now going to die with him. In his death he would become one of the great host that was without name or number, humus soil out of which some day a finer world would flower. Perhaps there was the meaning he was looking for. When the camp gate was blown up, that soul would already have claimed him. . . .”



“I was confident but yelling was so unbearable.”

“Death is the only destination we all shared”

“Hope is a poison we drink way too often.”

“A mess. That's what I was, at this lonely number thirty-seven bus-stop.
And here I am, still a mess.
A mess with no messages on her phone. Let alone a message with three kisses.”




“I like places in which things have happened — even if they're sad things.”



“As disappointed as an empty diary
Forgotten
Lonely
And this whole damn world has nothing new to tell me …”

“I am just a past with no present.”



“We all have a side of ourselves that we can never explain.”



“He felt the old bitterness, which he had tried so hard to swallow, rise again in his throat, and he knew there are disappointments that last as long as life.”



“He felt sad, sad.”



“Behind the sternness of his voice there was a shackled anger, and beneath that shackled anger there was a buried pain.”



“When you look at a house, you don't see how happy the people are who live in it.”

“I am a foreigner in this place right now. Not just this empty house – a house that once held such joy and laughter, a house marked by family and faith. But this world too. It’s like I’m a refugee, always running, running, running. And every time I arrive somewhere, hoping for sanctuary, I’m met with rejection.”



“She sometimes felt a sort of passion of tenderness for memories which had led no other merit than that they belonged to her unmarried life.”



“When I tell you I love you it's simply what I came for. I thought it was for something else; but it was for that. I shouldn't say it if I didn't believe I should never see you again. It's the last time — let me pluck a single flower! I've no right to say that, I know; and you've no right to listen. But you don't listen; you never listen, you're always thinking of something else.”



“It's not even like memory. It's all just there."
"All the time, Willy?"
"Every hour, every minute.”



“Year after year he wondered if he should go back and year after year felt it all recede from him past hope, past endeavour . . . He could not find his way back there.”



“I am sunk in the wreck of myself . . . I live in myself like a mouse inside a ruin.”



“Why did I ever leave them, what was I fleeing from? What spoilt scene that I could not then endure?”



“It was too late to go back. There was a hand which could never, in grace and healing, be laid upon him now.”



“Every love
that once promised you a forever
will leave you at some point in your life
- and all that is left is a forever in boxes
full of fading pictures and aching memories.”

“I had no words. The women he murdered did matter. They weren’t rubbish to be tossed away in the streets. They were daughters and wives and mothers and sisters. And they were loved as we’d loved our own mother. How dare he pass such judgment. My brother was so lost to his own fantastical science and sense of justice that he totally missed the mark of what it meant to be human.”



“I don't miss you. I miss the person I used to be,
before I let you break me.”

“Tell the stars I said hello..”



“Verdi's music did little to comfort him, and he left the theatre and walked homeward, without knowing his way, through the torturous, tragic streets of Rome, where heavier sorrows than his had been carried under the stars.”



“He should see nothing, he should learn nothing; for him she would always wear a mask.”



“There seemed to Isabel in these days something sacred in Gardencourt; no chapter of the past was more perfectly irrecoverable. When she thought of the months she had spent there the tears rose to her eyes.”



“The end of everything was at hand; it seemed to him he could stretch out his arm and touch the goal. But he wanted to die at home — to extend himself in the large quiet room where he had last seen his father lie, and close his eyes upon the summer dawn.”



“But the sense that it was his last chance, that he loved her and had lost her, that she would think him a fool whatever he should say, suddenly gave him a lash and added a deep vibration to his low voice.”



“Yes, you've something to hide. It's none of my business — very true. But I love you," said Caspar Goodwood.”



“Ah, I must see Ralph!" Isabel wailed; not in resentment, not in the quick passion her companion had looked for; but in a tone of far-reaching, infinite sadness.”



“She envied Ralph his dying, for if one were thinking of rest that was the most perfect of all. To cease utterly, to give it all up and not know anything more - this idea was as sweet as a vision of a cool bath in a marble tank, in a darkened chamber, in a hot land.
She had moments in her journey from Rome which were almost as good as being dead. She sat in her corner, so motionless, so passive, simply with the sense of being carried, so detached from hope and regret . . .”



“Isabel," he went on suddenly, "I wish it were over for you." She answered nothing; she had burst into sobs; she remained so, with her buried face. He lay silent, listening to her sobs; at last he gave a long groan.”



“Please don't be angry at me for abandoning you. I was given an extension on life. I should have died in Mare's place years ago. I was ready for this.
The others will need you. You're their Mistborn now— you'll have to protect them in the months to come. The nobility will send assassins against our fledgling kingdom's rulers.
Farewell. I'll tell Mare about you. She always wanted a daughter.”




“People have disappointed me and deceived me and let me down.”



“He needed the release of the tears, she thought but he'd forgotten the mechanisms of weeping after so many years of holding back.”



“His whole life had been built around exerting control over himself, over the mask he showed the world, and now it was cracking.”



“I knew it was too good to last. She is back.”



“It doesn't matter how the gun fell into the wrong hands. It only matters that it did.”



“A love without reservation ought to be a life force compelling the world into order and beauty. But that love can be so strong and yet so entirely powerless is what breaks the heart. Love did not move toward life, it moved toward death, toward the roaring sea-caves of annihilation. Or it led to the futility of a little broken bird's egg whose remains were now being washed away by water from the tap. Even so one day God might crack the universe and wash away its fruitless powerless loves with a deluge of indifferent power.”



“It's terrible that one doesn't love people forever.”



“I am out of the saga, he thought. He had a heavy sense of being left in total isolation; everyone had withdrawn from him and the person who could most have helped him was pre-empted by another.”



“It's so sad, all our house seems broken apart, everyone is going.”



“You are sad."
"I am always sad.”



“Real Pain is the result of Losing Someone you Cared about”

“Segurei o mundo nas costas e o mundo só me deu desgosto”



“Try to love your grief, maybe it'd be gone as everything you have ever liked!”

“What's worse?
To live after losing hope, or die when you have suffered beyond limitless.”

“It was a terrible thing sure, but we live in a world that had no shortage of terrible things. You can't stop all of them.”



“Crying can be done quietly. It can be done without anyone knowing.”



“Starting this relationship seems to me one of the better things you've ever done, however it ends."
"We can't separate it from how it ends.”



“Yet it was not that a rapture or a glory which had once shone around her had passed away from the world. The rapture and the glory whose hauntings she suffered had never manifested themselves in her life at all.”



“She thought sadly, gaiety and laughter are not in my destiny.”



“Then she thought, is this really all I have to look forward to, is this what I have to comfort myself with?”



“How can one discover what he feels?"
"I thought he might perhaps behave — quite differently with you?"
"No, no. We seem to know each other well but I think that's just because I parade my feelings. He's affectionate, detached, passive, absolutely passive."
"He's never told you about that place?"
"He's never talked about himself at all.”



“Settle down! she thought. Yes, settle down into dreariness and quietness and forgetfulness and boredom.”



“This thought was so heavy with despair that she almost began to cry again.”



“Theo wanted to call him back. But then he thought, oh let him go, there's no mending a fruitless love, it just has to be endured.”



“Don't be hurt by me."
"I can't help being hurt —”



“
O death, rock me asleep, bring me to quiet rest. Let pass my weary guilty ghost out of my careful breast.
”



“You have sometimes thought of going back?"
"Yes, I have, but only in a fantasy way.”



“But her heart was hurting her with its violence.”



“Having feelings is not a sign of weakness. That is what making us human. By denying the very nature of our humanity, we are left feeling empty on the inside.⁠⠀
⁠⠀
Because of that, there is a void formed in our heart, and it can never be filled again, as long as we keep trying to be like a mindless robot.⁠
⁠
It is okay to be not okay.”



“There is only so many times people can put the fires out before they get too tired to save the bridge.”

“and this ache
this trembling ache
haunts me endlessly
like you.”




“Worthless day, not needed life.
Unimportant matters, never ending fight.”

“. . . and God wept only
at dark windows, so that no one ever knew.”



“The answer I seek is one I do not truly wish to know:”



“In waiting I learn to live with the anticipations of loss—”



“
He is not here
. Where did it go, my grief, my grief?
Once you loved me on a hillside. I was pretty
and tender as silence. Some things I knew well enough:
first you love and then you lose
.
I had no idea there was nothing more.”



“Like flocks of small dark birds,
hidden parts of the self weep”



“All night you waited for morning, all morning
for afternoon, all afternoon for night;
and still the longing sings.
Oh, paper bird with folded wings.”



“How long is this posthumous life of mine to last?”

“Not all of us get to be ghosts.”



“We lose names of things. Then the things
they named.”



“It is like this every year—a baby king
is born to die, and I will sleep alone,
failing at the very thing I fear failure of.”



“I grieve you as a lover grieves,
lingering
.”



“It is your final gift
to me: this room
where I shall bleed and knit,
as spinsters do.”



“How far away they seem, each of those nights
that I slept with my body curled into the absence of yours,”



“Dim mirror above, reflect more brightly upon us all.
From here, I see nothing but myself
and the face of me is trembling.”



“I am cold from regret.”



“दुख आकार बदलता है, लेकिन यह कभी समाप्त नहीं होता है।”

“Oh! it is hard to take to heart the lesson that such deaths will teach, but let no man reject it, for it is one that all must learn, and is a mighty, universal Truth. When Death strikes down the innocent and young, for every fragile form from which he lets the panting spirit free, a hundred virtues rise, in shapes of mercy, charity, and love, to walk the world, and bless it. Of every tear that sorrowing mortals shed on such green graves, some good is born, some gentler nature comes.”



“You really want to know?”
Beatrice nodded. Catherine simply waited. If he wanted to tell them, he would. Clarence was not the sort of man you could persuade or plead with.
“All right. It was the year I graduated from law school. Like the other black men in my class, I was inspired by Judge Ruffin, the first black man to graduate from Harvard Law and the first to become a judge in Massachusetts. I thought I was going to be just like him. Me, a poor boy raised by a widowed mother who used to clean other people’s houses to pay the rent. Well, I went through Howard on scholarship, then Harvard on scholarship, and my first year out I worked for an organization offering legal aid to other poor folk—black, Irish, Italian, all sorts. I was sent to one of the counties in the western part of the state, to defend a black man accused of raping a white woman. That was the first time a judge called me ‘boy.’ I got my client off all right—the woman herself stood in the witness stand to say it wasn’t rape. They wanted to get married. That was legal in Massachusetts, and she was of age, but her father didn’t want her to marry a black man, so he told the sheriff that my client had raped her. She was visibly pregnant.
“My client walked out of that courthouse a free man, but there was a crowd waiting for him outside, and suddenly her brother stepped out of that crowd. He was the sheriff’s deputy. He had a gun, and he said he was going to shoot that damn . . . his language isn’t fit to repeat. He was determined to kill my client. Without thinking, I jumped on him and wrestled with him for the gun. It went off. . . . He bled to death in my arms. So I was tried for manslaughter in that courthouse, in front of that judge. Despite his jury instructions, I was acquitted—you could almost see him frothing at the mouth with fury and tearing his hair out, the day I walked out of that courtroom, a free man. Everyone in that crowd had seen it was an accident, but who was going to give me a job after that? It didn’t matter that I was innocent. My face had been on the cover of the
Boston Globe
as the black man who’d killed a white policeman.”



“and you observe at length
or should I say forever”



“
March 15, 1998
Let me forget
when the hanged man
looks in the window.
Outside, the desperate
speak in a lost language.
Let us in, they sigh,
with the tongues of waterfalls.
But you, out of breath,
category of the misplaced;
serial-killer of my days;
while my left ventricle
pumps the exact pressure
of the universe . . .
in spite of your default,
with no substantial reason,
I speak for you
as though you are still here.
We are arranged like that.
A sad mistake, a Mendelbrot,
a fractal glitch, a gift from zero.”



“She thinks of the 4 a.m. lonelinesses that have folded
her up like death, discordant, without logical and
beautiful conclusion.”



“It's not about good and bad. It's about right person taking your bad as good and still loving you.”

“Where there used to be angel, the devil took their place. Now it's like never ending fire trying to burn me away.”

“People always blow me away, and let's say i was a radio, or a dusty record, would you be like everyone else and blow me away?”

“At times like this, it would have been easier not to exist. Nobody wants to listen, even when you scream for them for it. It's time to open the window, time to let it go.”

“So, today overthinking took me over. It's not my first time. But you know. It always hurts as hell when one thing you overthink is either part of a very good memory, or the most terrible dream.”

“There'd been a time, not that long ago, when they'd both spoken the endearment almost daily. Now she couldn't recall the last time she'd heard him say it to her,.”

“The women always get blamed. Have you noticed that? The wives are nags. The mistress is a bitch for betraying the sisterhood. And the men just fall through the cracks in between. We expect so little from our boys, don’t we, Grace?”




“And now she had run into an emptiness more final than any words of rejection. He was gone and would make himself a stranger to her for ever.”



“Somehow I've always wanted the ones that didn't want me. I'm the absolute queen bee of unrequited love.”



“It had been a long time since I'd gone anyplace I wanted to be.”



“It's the map of my childhood, my sadness, my Eden, my hell and home.”



“The moment will come when the feelings in your heart get so heavy that even your body is exhausted.”

“
A Cry
Oh, there are eyes that he can see,
And hands to make his hands rejoice,
But to my lover I must be
Only a voice.
Oh, there are breasts to bear his head,
And lips whereon his lips can lie,
But I must be till I am dead
Only a cry.”

“More and more it's deliciousness I want
but all the time there's less of it.”



“and home isn't here
and home isn't there”



“There were so many things I wanted to tell you.
Or rather,
I wished to have things that I wanted to tell you.
What a thing, to be with you and have
no words for it. What a thing,
to be outcast like that.
And then everything unfastened.
It was like something was always dissolving
inside you—
Already it's hard to remember
how you used to comb your hair or how you
tilted your broad face in green shade.
Now what seas, what meanings
can I place in you?”



“A million leaves from a hundred different branches dip in the wind, fluttering
with the false promise of flight. The gust catches their withered wings only to force them downward,
forgotten, left to be trampled by the soldiers stationed just below.”



“It's stupid to think things like that. It just gives you this hollow, achy feeling between your ribs, like you're homesick even though you're already home, and you can't read your magazine anymore because the words are all warped and watery-looking”



“I suddenly feel . . . as if he might never come. There are 'nevers' in people's lives. People go away, people die, it does happen —”



“He could go back and take her in his arms. If only he knew how to do this. But they had lost the language of their affections, they had lost the style.”



“For forty years his mission was his life and his life was his mission. And yet all remained to be done and nothing was completed.”



“I yearned for that brief, sharp feeling I get when I drink it - a sad, burning feeling - and then, blissfully, no feelings at all.”



“Don't trade your happy life in for a sad life because tragedy is happening simultaneously. (Take a moment to think on that statement.)⁣
⁣
What are you trading your life for? Where is your time really going? You have freedom, but are you free? Remove self-imposed chains.”

“Merciful Heavens! But what do I care for the laws of nature and arithmetic, when, for some reason I dislike those laws and that twice two makes four?”



“no longer a girl but slinking around nonetheless.”



“Nowhere to go to tea.
Only gin here
and no god at any gate
and no goodness.”



“then we were actual people
your actual mouth on mine”



“now you are here
and never here”



“mostly dreams reject us
lights go up at daybreak
no reentry”



“My dick might have been a little sad and lonely, but my heart was doing just fine.”



“Comedy is the paintful... sad... art form.”

“The absence of the loved person is so absolute.”



“The world was our playground.. When you fell off the monkey bars, I left the playground.”

“That too was part of a machine from which she had not, for all her 'feelings' and her 'principles', the spirit or the courage really to escape.”



“I can see sadness in his eyes as he looks at me. And suddenly I am overwhelmed by wanting to know that sadness and make it go away and make it OK.”



“How can you explain that it's just that he was sad, that he'd been sad all his life, and he knew he'd always be sad?”



“हरेक आदमी जिंदगी से समझौता कर लेता है किन्तु मैंने जिंदगी से समर्पण कराकर उसके हथियार रख लिए हैं।”




“And it is significant that a country as sorrowful as ours should have so many and such joyous fiestas. Their frequency, their brilliance and excitement, the enthusiasm with which we take part, all suggest that without them we would explode.”



“There is so much joy in the world,
and I have bled to find the sun.”



“Not all pain can be consoled. Sometimes all a pining person really need is an ear to listen and a heart to understand them.”



“God didn't send me a wife," he says under his breath. "He sent me my reckoning.”



“I wish I didn't have a heart to love you.”

“Always find a new way to be happy ,Whether lost ,sad or angry.”

“Burn me down 'till I'm nothin' but memories”

“संतोष सिर्फ इतना है कि घंटियाँ बजती हैं तो शायद तुम उन्हें पूजा के मंदिर की घंटियाँ समझते होंगे।”



“He put his ear to Pax's chest to listen to his heartbeat. He told me then what he felt when he declared this war within the Hives of Phobos. How he was not close enough to hear the fading beat of his father's heart, or Eo's. But how, in that moment, he could feel the hearts of his people beating across the darkness. How in the heartbeat of our son he could hear them all again.”



“You don't really have to make people happy. Just don't make them sad.”

“My dad leaves bruises on the inside.”



“Once this is all over, we’ll be a proper family, you’ll see.”

“On Broad Street, ravens
lurk on the Divine Lorraine Hotel as if to say
Always a corpse flower, never a bride
.”



“Coraline patted its hairless head. . . 'Poor thing,' she said. 'You're just a thing she made and then threw away.'
The thing nodded vigorously; as it nodded, the left button-eye fell off and clattered on to the concrete floor.”



“Watching endless horizons is a refuge for bored souls. Just like a small piece of salt that has fallen into a large glass melts and becomes a part of the water, bored souls too melt in the endless horizons and transfer their sorrow to the eternity!”

“Duka terbuat dari air mata yang diusir dari kediamannya.”

“For once, I'm going to know how it feels to be beautiful - just like normal girls.”



“Sometimes it realizes me that I am the most idle person hell on this universe. Because whenever I tried to contact her, she always replied that, "I am busy".”

“Its only your attitude which decides about your respect and image.”

“Be limited to your decisions and statements because people always pretend for what they want.”

“Being a successful person, your luck and your believe in yourself is not necessary. The only thing which is quite needed is, your hard-work.”

“I am The Person who finds pain from Analegics.”

“How must it have felt for Jayfeather to discover that she wasn't his mother? She'd lied to him since birth. Leafpool had too. Was that why he was so sharp with his Clanmates? Had bitterness hollowed out his heart? And yet she knew there was warmth there. His harshness was like snow in leaf-bare, hiding buds that would blossom when greenleaf returned. I have to live! She had so much still to share with him. "I'm sorry we deceived you," she whispered, wondering if there was any way he might hear. He is a medicine cat, after all. "It was wrong of us. But I hope one day you will let go of the hurt we caused you." She swished his tail along his spine, hope sparking in her chest as she saw his pelt smooth a little.”



“I don't know whether to be happy or sad when people say they relate with my words.”

“...I've spent so long standing at the edge that when I finally turn away, I doubt there is anyone in this world who will even notice.”

“Listen to me, I'm not hiding it—
I'm swimming out to meet the boats
coming armed up the river
& I wish he were watching
through a lead-black fog.
I had his book of exits learned by heart.
I thought I knew it.”



“If I loved someone like that. A figure of questionable authority
figuring out which relics to preserve under cling wrap.
For the way he smelled like cedar. Mispronounced the names of plants.”



“Sempre te disseram que tens que aproveitar porque a vida é curta, mas nunca te disseram como aguentar quando ela é longa e triste.”



“It is sad comedy the way sane people clad in rough fad fit only for the insane. The unkempt hair, torn clothes, sagging pants, topless tops, ladder high heels, solar panel sunshades, slits longer than clothes, etc. Madness is everywhere!”



“We forged a haven with the shattered pieces of our former selves.”




“The guards came after her. They hunted a ghost, for Ead Duryan was no more.”



“And all this aching memories of you
are floating through my burning veins;
letting my scars glow in a dark blue
reflecting the colour of your weary eyes.”

“If only I could touch what’s broken in me, and tell it: “I’m sorry”.”

“I'm tired as an ancient star; that witnessed the emergence of the universe, and got weary of existence.”

“Memories do not always soften with time; some grow edges like knives.”

“I throw my eyes back to the sky. How can it be so bright and calm? How can it be everything I can’t be? It's not fair.”



“The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.”

“We are not the stories that others hear about us, we are the stories that we know about ourselves”

“my wife left”

“Once broken, a glass will forever have cracks, even if you try to mend it. Same goes for a heart.”

“You will search for me in another but you'll never find me in them.”

“You haven't loved if you haven't lost.”

“Every girl wants to know that one morning you won't just wake up and feel differently.”

“It’s about who you miss at 3 in the afternoon when you’re busy, not at 3 in the morning when you’re lonely.”

“You were almost mine. That 'almost' is what breaks my heart.”



“You should not have to rip yourself into pieces to keep others whole.”

“There were those days in life when you were trying to win me. And there are days now when you decided to lose me.”



“If you have ever lost someone very important to you, then you already know how it feels; if you haven’t, you cannot possibly imagine it.”



“One day you're going to see her holding hands with someone who took your chance.”



“Sometimes, you just have to wonder how many times someone you care about has to hurt you before you finally don’t care.”

“Truths, yes. One after another, one boulder settling down, then another. And another. Blotting out the light, darkness closing in, grit and sand sifting down, a solid silence when the last one is in place. Now, dear fool, try drawing a single breath. A single breath.
There were clouds closed fast round the moon. And one by one, gardens died.”



“how sad
that we pretend
we are happy”

“Baby, baby, baby
Can't you stay with me tonight
Oh baby, baby, baby
Don't my kisses please you right
You were so hard to find
The beautiful ones, they hurt you everytime
Paint a perfect picture
Bring to life a vision in one's mind
The beautiful ones
Always smash the picture
Always, every time
If I told you baby
That I was in love with you
Oh baby, baby, baby
If we got married
Would that be cool?
You make me so confused
The beautiful ones
You always seem to lose”



“How can you look at Nieva,
How can on the bridges you rise?
With a reason I'm sad since the time
You appeared before my eyes.
Sharp are black angels' wings,
The last judgment is coming soon,
And raspberry fires, like roses,
In the white snow bloom.”

“I see capital through the flurry
On this Monday night twenty-first.
Some do-nothing has made up the story
That love exists on the earth.
And from laziness or from boredom
All believed, and thus they live:
Wait for meeting, fear the parting,
And sing songs of love.
But to others opens a secret
And upon them descends a still.
I by accident came upon this
And since then am as if I'm ill.”

“I will lead a man to dear one --
I don't want the little joy --
And I'll quietly lay to sleep
The glad, tired little boy.
In a chilly room once more
I will pray to Mother of God,
It is hard to be a hermit,
To be happy is also hard.
Only fiery sleep will come to me,
I'll enter a temple on the hill,
Five-domed, white, and stone-hewn,
On the paths remembered well.”

“The Ivy League is developing a sad history of preventable mercury poisoned employees that has led to death in at least one case.”

“Someone in me, wants to cry out loud the unexpressed pain I have been denying for years.”

“On top of old Smokey,
All covered in snow,
I lost my true lover
By courting too slow.
On top of old Smokey,
I went there to weep
For a false-hearted lover
Is worse than a thief.
For a thief he will rob you,
And take what you have,
But a false-hearted lover
Will put you in your grave.
They'll hug you and kiss you
And tell you more lies
Than cross ties on the railroad
Or the stars in the skies.
So come all you young maidens
And listen to me:
Never place your affections
On a green willow tree,
For the leaves they will whither
And the roots will die,
And you'll all be forsaken
And never know why.”

“And the darkness felt suddenly like home again.
Like a familiar place in the shadows
where we used to meet.”

“May be we feel empty because we leave pieces of ourselves in everything we used to love and then we have nothing left to give anyone, anymore.”




“And I go looking looking for you in the streets
And I never find you
I never find you at all”



“And forgot about me
You forgot about me
And what I meant to you
And then it was over”



“In every scene I am waiting for you
To be with me in dreams”



“Though now, of all that could have been, there is nothing.”



“You know, I loved you
I loved you
I was wrong”



“You will realize you love me
But it will be too late
You will cry out for me
I will be long gone
This is not a wish
But what I knew to be so”



“this is the last house in summer
and now is the double loneliness
of missing a party you don't even want to be at.”



“I cried then, the great sobs wracking my whole body. I remembered the last time that I had wept, and how the little boy in my embrace had reached up awkwardly , and yet tenderly to brush away my tears " you did good, Teacher," he had whispered. And now the small boy had passed beyond- so young to journey on alone. But then I remembered that he hadn't traveled alone- not one step of the way, for as soon as the loving hands had released him there, another Hand had reached out to gently take him. I tried to visualize him entering the new Land , the excitement and eagerness shining forth on his face, the cheers rising from the shrill little voice. There would be no pain twisting his face now, no need to hold his head and rock back and forth. Joy and happiness would surround him. I could almost hear his words as he looked at the glories of heaven and gave the Father his jubilant ovation-" You did good, God; You did real good!”



“The Abandoned
Did you ever wonder
Why abandoned houses looked so sad
Much like the people
Their exterior was only for the function
We would not feel so sad
If we recognized
That the spirit of the house
Had already moved on
The dream remained”



“You have got very sad eyes" she told me.
And I just smiled.”

“A wall of stone was her heart,
Kept knocking but never did it part.
Mine was a pitiful little thing made of clay,
I didn't know that this was a game she loved to play!”

“I only felt the pain
The things the you inflicted on me”



“The way things broken off
a little too soon can last forever.”



“We don't have to be anywhere. The party we left
and the one we were headed to are probably over.”



“And as for those who might have been following me,
odds are I lost them long, long ago.
Nothing to do but keep on driving as clearly
as if I hadn't, flashing my change of lane and exit,
in case there's anyone who needs to know.”



“and whatever happens to love
that hasn't been used enough, has happened.”



“Why are you sad?", they asked.
I smiled and the clouds covered the sky, forecasting the weather of my heart.”

“What makes us sad sometimes is not bad experience, it is bad thought”

“Leer inleyerek kolunun üzerine yaslanıyor. Öyle bir kanıyor ki elimizden gelen yok. Boşalan bir tüp gibi, birkaç dakika içinde çöküverdi. Okulda, matematikte birinci oluşunun şimdi ona ne yararı var ki?”



“I was always telling you about problems you couldn't fix, as though multiplying badness could dilute it.”



“Second semester will get better, had to get better, Madison thought. If nothing else, through sheer force of will, perhaps she could make it better. And if she told enough people that things were going to go well this time around, said it out loud repeatedly, maybe she could even convince herself.”



“This,” I said, “was not how it was supposed to be.” The short sentence bounced around the cave,coming back to me Word for Word.
“I just want to be honest,”I said. “it seems silly to do anything else at this point. The truth is that we’re not supposed to be here, and we all know that. We’re not supposed to be inside of a church made by old – timey people. We weren’t supposed to bring Jonah here. We weren’t supposed to hide from an Italian park ranger on horseback.”
I paused and waited for my echoing voice to quiet.
“Also, Maybe this is obvious, but Jonah was not supposed to die. Not yet. None of it was supposed to happen like this.
Grace eyed me quizzically.
“I don’t mean to be bleak,” I continued “I know it sounds that way. What I mean is that nothing ever happens the way it supposed to. Everything is messed up. Everything is flawed. And if we didn’t have imperfection, I’m not sure what we would have left.”
I looked out into the light outside. What I could see of the landscape one year and went to the camera but me.
“The way I see it, we have a bunch of imperfect moments all lined up, one after the next, and we feel this strange, imperfect love. Then, before we know it, it’s all over. We give everything we have, but that can never be enough to make things just the way we want them, or to keep someone with us as long as we’d like. But the struggle is worth something. And the love is worth something even though it’s imperfect. And maybe we should try to celebrate this brief, incomplete thing we’ve been given. Maybe that’s all we can do when we find ourselves in the dark.”
Everyone remained quiet. I couldn’t tell by looking at them how they felt about what I was saying. Still, no one interrupted me, so I kept going.
“Just because something didn’t last as long as you needed doesn’t mean it wasn’t genuine. Jonah and I had an in perfect love. So what? That doesn’t cancel it. And it’s not gone. It’s still here. And, today, I just want to bring it back. I want to make it tangible again for a little while .”



“There're some unlettered people around us, they thinks they've such bloody screwing attitude while the next person is full of inclination but still he is quite custodian of that bastard.”

“When the grass is green next year, old friend will no longer look the same... -13th Prince”



“Time is a great healer, but a lousy beautician.”

“Love changes people, for the better or the worst.”

“Some days you'r just a wisp of nothingness.
But other days... most days,
I hear you in a song,
I see you in an image,
I feel you in my memories!”

“You may fall in love more than once but there will always be that one love that will burn your soul... forever and always.”

“I don't think I can marry, I'm not fit for it, I'm not real enough. That's the trouble. I'm a puppet that's realised what's wrong with itself and it's
horrible
. I'm propped up somewhere all alone, watching the real people go past. I'm propped up crying in a corner.”




“He felt misery, loneliness, a terrible need for love.”



“I watch porn
Cause I'll never be in love”



“She was too exhausted and downcast to take in the importance of the news- just as a person who has shed so many tears at the bedside of someone who is dying has none left for the actual moment of death.”



“I'm not young. I've never had any youth.”



“
Forgive me for not being able to be with you.
”



“It is as if I had made you believe
In me once again
It is as if you knew I was your true love
It was as if I didn't have to know
In this life
All you were to me
Was that flower”



“He looked so sad. I never saw him look sad before, he was always so superior, everywhere the king. You once called him a god from elsewhere who had lost his way.”



“There are only so many parallel universes
that concern us. In one, he isn't dead.”



“The blue night with trees
Everything told me to feel something
And yet everything you said was a lie
And all my emotions were for nothing”



“But the spark vanished, there was no longed-for recognition, no dawning sign of recovery. The love she had learnt in tending him was an enclosed love, muted and maimed, already mourning. They would never communicate now.”



“Ludens experienced, as an extra pain, an intimation of the happiness he might have felt in such a place.”



“All of it is because
Of how badly you lied to me
I thought it was just you and me
Or at the very least a tiny epigram”



“There were things I wished I'd said
And done
But it is too late now
So I go
Heavy with my offering
This book, this book”



“
What's this?
This mourning is mine forever.”



“Write me a sad story.
I'll treasure it within my tears forever.”

“Yesterday I got caught in the rain, Mama …”



“Everywhere I go, I see her face. I just really miss her.”

“Without a song, life is a sad tune”

“Cry till you smile
Walk along a mile
Stop when you need to
Otherwise go on”

“Without a song, we will be sad.”

“One morning, one day, perhaps soon, she would come to him and find him gone; and she knew how much she did not want to see him die, and yet how much she also wished that he might die holding her hand. These thoughts induced tears, which he must not see; and she tried not to think too much about the terrible mystery which was to be enacted . . .”



“In faith I know not why I am so sad."
Ludens did not reply to this remark which Gildas often uttered.”



“Sad is when you have more than enough love to give but no one to give it to.”

“I'm just one long disappointment.”



“Ludens thought, why can't I do that, why can't I just ask a woman to hold my hand, why can't I ask Franca to!”



“He . . . felt as if, wanting to be needed by everyone, he were merely becoming some sort of semi-invisible messenger.”



“Ludens felt again that special curious anguish caused by glimpses of a happiness he
would
have felt
if only
things were different — which could be different, perhaps could easily be different — but somehow maddeningly were not.”



“. . . the superiority of some infinite reserve and the mystery of some infinite sadness.”



“Ludens felt that everyone around him was living in the present, a place where he certainly could not live.”



“I wish I could change everything about myself but it's just—it's too late to
do
anything, that's the problem. It's all so fucked up, and I just don't who I am anymore, you know? Like, who is this person who made all these choices that I just have to live with? I look back at that person and I hate her, I hate her so much for what she did to me, that person is like my nemesis, my worst enemy, but the problem is, that person is
me
.”




“Naked. Fatigue of the body transparent as a glass-tree. Near yourself you hear the brutal rumor of inextricable desire. Night blindly mine. You're farther gone than me. Horror of checking for you in the screams of my poem. Your name is the disease of things at midnight. They had promised me one silence. Your face is closer to me than my own. Phantom memory. How I'd love to kill you —”



“I don't know what love is.
But if you're sad and it makes me sadder, I know you and I are somewhere close to it.”

“Blessed - lucky - are those who cry. Blessed are those who are sad, who mourn, who feel the loss of what they love - because they will be held by the One who loves them. There is a strange and aching happiness only the hurting know - for they shall be held.”



“This world is vacant and you're profound and that is why you're sad.”

“I crave for love, everybody does . . . and I've never had a bloody crumb of it—and I've given so much love to people—I can really love people, I can, I let them walk over me—but nobody's ever loved me.”



“You've obviously never been in love."
"I have actually. And
awfully
. And—always—without hope—I've never had my love reciprocated ever.”



“And
this letter
I didn't send
how surprising
to find it now.
All this love I must have felt.”



“I looked up at the stars, needing to see something fixed and permanent while everything else in my life seemed to be breaking apart.”



“Every so often, over the next day or so, she would find herself in a gray, daydreamy mood, missing something, and she'd realize that it was Robert she missed, not the real Robert but the Robert she'd imagined on the other end of all those text messages during break.”



“I didn't mean to hurt anyone, he tries to tell them. I just wanted to be seen, and loved for who I am. The problem was, it was all a misunderstanding. I pretended to be a good person, and then I couldn't stop.”



“Listen, listen. I can explain. There's a bad Ted underneath the good Ted, yes, but then, under
that
, there's a Ted who's good for real. But no one ever sees him; his whole life, no one ever has. Underneath it all, I'm just that kid who wanted nothing more than to be loved and didn't know how to make it happen, even though I tried and tried and tried.”



“the wine the sadness and the night”



“He felt like something deep inside had broken. He'd asked for nothing; he'd tried to content himself with as little as it was possible to want. Yet here he was, feeling humiliated and small once again.”



“I can't believe you called me," Anna said. "Nobody else from home has called me in forever. It's like they forgot about me. You think you're so close to people but when it comes down to it, they just
forget
.”



“But he still wished Anna would do something to reassure him—ideally burst into tears and say,
You were always there for me, always
, and plead with him to forgive her for all her years of neglect—but he'd have settled for even a hint that she intended to make an active effort to meet up.”



“There are tears in her eyes. Ted has never seen her look so despondent, and Anna often looks very, very sad.”



“Sometimes when we think it's the end of the road
Is when we learn to fly”



“Only sometimes at night when I think that you live now and are somewhere, I shed tears.”



“Its sweet bird's nest is full of pain in a distant place”



“And this
last second or two of dreaming
in which your face
returns to me completely. Not
even needing to be, being
so alive again to me.”



“My memory of your casual smile
This memory, like
a child's bit of sweet embroidery smuggled
out of an asylum”



“My eyes closed, hands open,
Take it, take it
. Then, every day wasted chasing it.”



“Now traces of her former beauty had become more noticeable than the beauty itself had ever been.”



“When I was sad
I smiled
So everyone thought I was happy
And smiled back
Even if they were sad
They were happy that I was happy
Even if we were sad.”

“Do not be sad, sing.”

“And when your sorrow is comforted (time soothes all sorrow) you will be content that you have known me. You will always be my friend. You will want to laugh with me.”



“Other than devastatingly sad and despicable, what else could be said about life, when life itself has been reduced to two main concerns for existence; how do I make enough money to survive, and how do I make more money?”

“If we begin to die when we live, and long life be but a prolongation of death, our life is a sad composition; we live with death, and die not in a moment.”



“Perhaps that was the only time which we should ever, ever have together. Perhaps it was something which would never, never, never come again.”



“Cancer Kid has the Make-A-Wish Foundation because Cancer Kid will eventually die, and that's sad. Schizophrenia Kid will also eventually die, but before he does, he will be overmedicated with a plethora of drugs, he will alienate everyone he's ever really cared about, and he will most likely wind up on the street, living with a cat that will eat him when he dies. That is also sad, but nobody gives him a wish, because he isn't actively dying. It is abundantly clear that we only care about sick people who are dying tragic, time-sensitive deaths.”




“To say that the rich are sad and the poor are happy would be very narrow-minded and stupid. Both scarcity and overabundance tend to produce unhappiness in an individual.”

“No one seems to notice when you're down,
Unless you are bleeding,
Unless you are bleeding,
But sometimes the worst wounds,
Are the ones you can't see”

“I don’t think existence wants you to be serious. I have not seen a serious tree. I have not seen a serious bird. I have not seen a serious sunrise. I have not seen a serious starry night. It seems they are all laughing in their own ways, dancing in their own ways. We may not understand it, but there is a subtle feeling that the whole existence is a celebration.”

“Everyone left and we have remained
on a path that goes on without us.”



“I fought and fought until I lost the battle, then I fought some more until I lost the war”

“There will always be a little girl searching for love, pushing against the outstretched hand of someone who can only love her so much.”

“Because it is the hardness of the floor, and the abrupt halt in momentum, and the unyielding nature of the surface, that causes a thing to crack. Even if it is not that thing's fault. And then we talk about this thing being broken, or it needing to be fixed, and not what part of the floor has played in the matter. Never the part about the floor being a constant threat. Even if it is a nice floor. Even if everybody wants one just like it.”



“I was bitter. He was sweet. And in a parallel universe, we were bittersweet.”

“He was the love of my life, but life moves on.”

“all we have left are broken memories
of drunken nights,
where I told you I loved you
and you lied and said you loved me too.”



“The problem wasn’t that I loved you. It was that you loved me and then I loved you. Then one day you stopped while I still did.”

“When we are sad we understand life!”

“So ended . . . a royal friendship which once could not be contained within the common bounds of love.”



“No one has to tell her that her body makes her irrelevant to that entire conversation.
Grace has never questioned her body's place in the world. She's always believed the laws of movies and TV shows: Chubby girls are sidekicks, not romantic leads; sometimes they get to be funny, but more often they're the butt of jokes; if they're powerful, they'e evil- they're Ursula the sea witch from The Little Mermaid: they are not heroines and they are certainly not sexy. These are the rules. This is the script.”



“Her heart's breaking. It breaks three times a week on account of people treating her so badly, and she knows that all you can do is laugh it off.”



“And other times—too often, maybe—I don't dare have an opinion in case it upsets anyone.”



“Three creaks. She stepped three times.
What is the meaning of it? Three creaks, three weeks? If she comes back for her shoes in three days, then I only need to empty them another three times. If it really is three weeks that were meant, what then. If three months, what then. Three years. That's why I had to write it down now. By then I may no longer believe I heard anything in Miri's room.”



“If ever we two had a soul, let our soul
—keep on walking and leave us behind.”



“And all the embezzled
cents and dollars
of the last time I saw you.”



“Why are you so sad?" asks Zachariah in full fairy-tale voice, casting his arms wide for emphasis, displaying his superior reach.”



“It is long gone. Gone the way of so many things.”



“While waiting for her to phone me at school I'd feel seconds bursting inside me and leaving clouds. That won't come again—it can't. I'll never have that with anyone else. I'll never even come close.”



“Have you ever heard a note in someone's voice that said 'This is the end?' I heard it in the next words he said to me, and I stopped listening.”



“Fear not the end of your last adventure for every doorway that opens is just a journey to another.”

“One or the other of us said 'I can't,' and if it was me I don't know why because I wanted to. Maybe I'm just remembering it wrongly to help me get over the rejection.”



“Going to prison is terrible. You’re never comfortable. All the talk about ‘Club Fed’ is garbage… You’re surrounded by very violent people, very unstable people. Prisons work hard to make you uncomfortable. But that’s not what’s bad about going to prison. What’s bad about going to prison is that you’re separated from your family.”

“This salt mist blots out everything
that comforts and speaks to the traveler:
roads, bridges, towns, trees.
There's no face I might see and know,
only the mist whose insistent hand
runs over our faces and flanks.”



“...it is rather a shame that our paths only crossed under these circumstances. In another reality, you and I could have been travelers through all of space and time.”

“
I, who am doubt now, with a song
.”



“Parting from you is sad for me but meeting you after the parting is an amazing happiness.”

“Life is unpredictable. You never know what will happen the next second and you can’t change it either. All you can do is stop thinking about tomorrow and live your today or else keep worrying about it and leave your today.”

“Let go of the doll. The goddess too. Then she was herself. A girl with pale blue eyes and freckles on the nose. A long jagged scar across her heart and a chasm that kept her from happiness.”




“I'm too heartbroken to shed tears.”



“Every time her mind stops to wander, tears rolled down her cheeks and it reveals what's in her mind.”

“We are not always someone else's half, but they can be ours. You'd think two halves make a whole, but some two halves make a hole.”



“My tears were for my own loneliness, my own blindness.”



“Sometimes, it's our broken heart that builds up indestructible walls to avert us falling in love again.”

“Some people’s unhappiness caused or was caused by some people’s happiness.”

“I thought about us being kids, not having anything but each other. I thought about the dreams we shared, and how I was so ready to spend the rest of my life with you. You helped shaping me into the man I was becoming, and this was a representation of my love and appreciation for you.”



“In spite of their sadness - because of it, even; for their sadness was the symptom of their love for one another - the three young men were happy.”



“No one understand your problem in real world because its not such a real world , we are live in virtual world .”

“Smiling melts away the hardest rock of sadness.”

“Some moments are happy. Some moments are sad. Live each moment. Embrace life!”

“I fold my arms across my chest, staring at him with all the fire and strength a broken girl can possibly manage.”



“I didn't want to cry. I didn't. But she was my /sister/, and she'd died in my arms, and...
Griffin only held me quietly, his hands stroking my back. Once, he pressed his lips against my temple.
"Thank you," I whispered, when I could speak again.
"For what?"
"Everything. Going with me tonight. Fetching me a suit to change into, and pouring be brandy, and making sure none of the servants were listening in, and putting up with my awful family, and this..."
"I love you." He kissed me softly, once on each eyelid. "Whatever family you claim is mine as well. I'm with you no matter what."
I spoke thirteen languages, and yet I had no words to express what his presence meant to me.”



“We have many options in life but we always choose the ones that will hurt us the most … Sad”

“When she died of lung cancer a few years later, it felt like a malicious cosmic joke. When Grandpa married Margaret the fundamentalist Christian, that was the punch line.”



“Y en el mundo real, Santa no es justo. Los niños ricos reciben todo y los niños pobres reciben basura de segunda mano que sus padres consiguen a duras penas. Hasta sentarte en el regazo de Santa cuesta dinero.”



“Angels keep weeping in her soul, for the way they couldn’t save her from herself and those devilish things she does unwillingly love…”

“Never did anybody look so sad.”



“Fear is like a megaphone in your head that pulses aggression and sadness. Hope is the audio gain adjuster. Happiness is the musical algorithm.”

“Whether we are happy or sad, grateful or resentful, positive or negative, we are equally precious and deserving.”



“This wasn't my first rodeo in Unrequited Land. In fact, I had a season pass. Each new crush, I'd find myself standing there, fast pass in hand, wishing that someone who had zero interest in me would finally open their eyes and see me standing in front of them.”



“He wished he was not always young again in his dreams, it made waking up so sad.”



“The new world, he thought, the new life, and how sad it is. I suppose I should be congratulating myself, it may even be that later I shall look back on
this
as heaven.”



“And so my life has become tiny and mean and incomplete and I must begin it again without comfort and without magic.”



“And she looked at her life and seemed to understand it and to grieve over it as if it were already over.”



“That love all belonged to the elapsed moment.”



“Father looked anxiously at the tears on my cheeks but I smiled, trying to reassure him. Danny had said I would feel like this. Excited and sad at the same time.”



“I want to hug him, but he doesn't want to be touched right now. Like any affection is going to become a target sign on our backs. Like we'll get punished because our hearts are different”




“She felt intense disappointment, even a kind of guilt, as if she had missed something, perhaps forever. He had been there, she could have spoken to him. Could she call out now, cry his name? It was impossible.”



“Maybe it wasn’t the smart thing, but when you lose someone like that? They’re just gone? There’s this hole inside you you’d give anything to fill. You don’t think, you don’t plan, you just pour shit into it, anything that will fill it.”



“This mizzle fits me like a sad jacket.”

“Isn’t so scary that the person you used to daydream about is the same one who left you with so many nightmares?!”

“Someday we'll meet again and when we do, I hope that at that point in time, I'll be enough for you.”

“You seem sad, Coriel.”
I nodded. “The world makes me sad these days. Things I would not have noticed a year ago seem dreadful to me now. Is that a function of growing older? And will everything seem more dreadful every year, from now until I die?”



“I have cried your name in every possible colour”



“We shall meet, but as strangers. It is the end of an era. A whole part of my life is torn away.”



“Every boat needs a captain. Even when it's empty.”

“The sad thing about history is that there are so many people out there from centuries, generations, even eras ago who are no longer in existence. They're names and stories aren't written down. They're now just mysterious figures of bone and dust deep in the ground that will never be known because no one bothered knowing them.”

“It’s okay to feel that hollowness within you.
And it’s okay to be in denial. They are all stages of grief.”



“The ones who are already dead but don't realize it.”



“Deep, deepest inside his wounded heart. he felt the new pain, the pain which would now travel with him always.”



“Nonsense. You aren’t alive to begin with,” I pointed out. “Suck it up and make the best of it, Milo. The future is bright, I assure you.”
“We come into existence, and we float through space, doomed, until we all die horribly. No reason to live at all.”
Milo the busboy wept uncontrollably.
He probably knew more than I did, but who can say?”

“Don’t always look at what is lost, sometimes; you need to consider what is left”



“Today, I know what death is. Why do I know what death is, Kaladin?”



“Busy people are usually enterprising, creative, and happy. Conversely, people who disengaged from life are usually sad, depressed, and lethargic.”



“It had occurred, it had
happened
, and could never in his life be unhappened, never removed, a huge deadly black scar lasting forever.”



“Bellamy thought, he is beginning to avoid me, my presence embarrasses him, my problems irritate him. I am becoming an unperson.”



“A great sword pierced Sefton's heart. She too had loved Lucas with her own kind of deep secret love, and it seemed to her in this moment that, if he had asked her, she would have gone with him anywhere.”



“Yet the love is there, the love
is
there — only it's as if it's so wounded it has curled up and gone into a black hole.”



“The presence of so many things which ought to have delighted her and been her friends brought home to Moy how little delight she could now feel and how alienated she now was from all the beings to which she had once felt so close.”



“She dreamt she saw the Polish Rider passing slowly by and he was weeping and she called out to him, but he turned his head away. She dreamt that she was drowning in the pool of tears.”



“I am still a naive to happiness.”

“Not known person… so sad…”

“The sad thing about history is that there are so many people out there from centuries, generations, even eras ago who are no longer in existence. Their names and stories aren't written down. They're now just mysterious figures of bone and dust deep in the ground that will never be known because no one bothered knowing them.”

“. . . enjoying literature as those alone enjoy it who have little else to enjoy.”



“She did not understand music and it upset her, it had only sad, tragic things to say. These leaping forms, these pursuits and insistences, these elusive desperate repetitions, always seemed to her like one long cry of agony. She could not, in this company, allow herself the luxury of self-pitying tears, which was her highest tribute to the art. She looked about her and let the music gather to her the people with whom she was so deeply concerned.”



“We did really love each other . . . didn't we? Didn't we? In the name of that reality —
M.”



“I think you are having a different sort of heartbreak. Maybe a kind of heartbreak of being in the world when you don't know how to be.”




“The sad girl knew that clouds are only temporary and the sun is forever.”

“You and I are enough to break anyone's heart—how can we not break our own?”



“It is possible that some people are sorry for me, but I am not aware of it.”



“Everything in her life, she could see now, had taken the same turn—as for love, she often puzzled and puzzled, without ever allowing herself to be fully sad, as to what could be wrong with the formula. It does not work, she thought. At times there were moments when she asked herself if she could have been in the wrong: she would almost rather think that. What she
thought
she regretted was her lack of guard, her wayward extravagance—but had she all the time been more guarded than she imagined, had she been deceitful, had she been seen through? For what had always happened she could still not account. There seemed to be some way she did not know of by which people managed to understand each other.”



“There is a moment in the history of every beaten child when his mind parts with hopes of dignity — pushes off hope like a boat without a rower, and lets it go as it will on the stream, and resigns himself to the tally stick of pain.”



“Beware of the unsung song about the wind that could not be caught and the chain that supposed to be a necklace.”

“That's fair," I said, though my feelings were already hurt.”



“In the distance, people were living lives, having fun, learning, making money, fighting and walking around and falling in and out of love. People were being born, growing up, dropping dead. Trevor was probably spending his Christmas vacation with some woman in Hawaii or Bali or Tulum. He was probably fingering her at that very moment, telling her he loved her. He might actually be happy. I shut the window and lowered all the blinds.”



“There were readers who could expect no more from life, and just dared to look in books to see how much they had missed.”



“Look, let's see ourselves in the distance, then we shall think, how happy they are! We're young; this is spring; this is a wood. In some sort of way or other we love each other, and our lives are before us—God pity us! Do you hear the birds?”



“If Tony hadn't been fearful, hadn't counted on the approval of others for his own self-approval . . . and so on, through a succession of hypotheticals leading to the final one: so, for instance, if Tony hadn't been Tony.”



“Do you know the grief of it? I hope not. The grief that does not age, that does not go away with time, like most griefs and human matters. That is the grief that is always there, swinging a little in a derelict house, my father, my father.
I cry out for him.”



“My loneliness taught me a thing which is too appreciable! The people for whom we think that they can help us while we need them, they just kicked a rough comment over the situation and say "Sorry".”

“Losing someone doesn't matter but hurting someone matters a lot. Don't think someone as useless or just a dustbin to fill out your worries and emotions because dustbin is not always remains filled.”

“I'd rather have the next four months with you knowing I'll have to leave--knowing that at the end, my heart will probably break as soon as I get on that plane. I'd rather have what time I can with you than nothing at all. You are worth the chance off complete and total heartbreak.”

“We often hold on to someone who actually wants us to let go.”

“All that remains of me now is a rumour of beauty.”



“Like a wave we often float ashore to find something that feels like home.”

“God, how the young and beautiful vanish and are no more seen.”



“The best of him
is when he allows you to witness his dumbness,
or allows you to listen to his manly voice cry .
Now that's the best of him,
trust me its is.”

“The best of me
is when I allow you to witness my dumbness,
or let you to listen to my manly voice cry .
Now that's the best of me,
trust me its is.”

“I replayed the words that would forever haunt me. As would Adrian's unfinished sentence: 'So, for instance, if Tony . . .' I knew I couldn't change, or mend, anything now.”



“Sometimes the heart hasn't made room for two yet.”

“One day, our souls will meet on the other side, my friend.
But until then, I'll keep you on my thoughts to the very end.”

“Respecting someone is indeed an honorable act, but revering someone is again a question for one's respect.”

“Respecting someone is indeed an honorable act but revering some is again a question for one's respect.”

“And of course I started to cry. Not for myself strangely enough, though I am sure I could have, with capital and interest, but no, not for myself. For my mother? Who can really itemise the cause of our human tears?”



“Sometimes the person we love most, we push away the hardest.”

“I should have felt something—a pang of sadness, a twinge of nostalgia. I did feel a peculiar sensation, like oceanic despair that—if I were in a movie—would be depicted superficially as me shaking my head slowly and shedding a tear. Zoom in on my sad, pretty, orphan face. Smash cut to a montage of my life's most meaningful moments: my first steps; Dad pushing me on a swing at sunset; Mom bathing me in the tub; grainy, swirling home video of my sixth birthday in the backyard garden, me blindfolded and twirling to pin the tail on the donkey. But the nostalgia didn't hit. These weren't my memories. I just felt a tingling in my hands, an eerie tingle, like when you nearly drop something precious off a balcony, but don't. My heart bumped up a little. I could drop it, I told myself—the house, this feeling. I had nothing left to lose.”



“And again and again fell the word, like the ebb of a dying sea.
"Good-bye.”




“It actually felt harder, not easier, to be with people. The toughest challenge was my face; maintaining a 'normal' expression was utterly exhausting.”



“Everyone we meet has wounds upon their heart.
Everyone is waiting for someone to scatter the seeds of love amongst their tears and to be patient enough to wait for their beautiful fragrance of dreams to awaken once more.”



“A thought struck me: maybe I wouldn't ever be the real me again. Because the only thing that would snap things back to the way they were, would be if he had't died.”



“You can get mad… upset… sad… angry.. . Insane… and the list goes on and on… But honestly this is your choice.
Note: Mood Swinger!”



“Her heart was no longer zooming. It wasn't melting or standing still. It was shattering.”



“Boys are haram; don't ever forget that”



“Your heart and my heart are old mates. They talk, but they never speak, as they speak in holy silence.
They beat, they never count, as they beat faster, more faster, as we meet.”

“No, it is better not to risk a second interview. I shall always look back on this talk with you as one of the finest things in my life. Really. I mean this. We can never repeat. It has done me real good, and there we had better leave it."
"That's rather a sad view of life, surely."
"Things so often get spoiled."
"I know," flashed Helen. "But people don't.”



“She never saw it again. Day and night the river flows down into England, day after day the sun retreats into the Welsh mountains, and the tower chimes: 'See the Conquering Hero.' But the Wilcoxes have no part in the place, nor in any place. It is not their names that recur in the parish register. It is not their ghosts that sigh among the alders at evening. They have swept into the valley and swept out of it, leaving a little dust and a little money behind.”



“she awoke often to lie and wish for that presence beside her—inanimate yet breathing—still Jeff.”



“I think I hate the concept of needing space. What is really means is that the person's mad at you, or hates you, or doesn't give a shit about you. They just don't want to admit it.”



“We can ask and ask but we can't have again what once seemed ours forever—the way things looked, that church alone in the fields, a bed on a belfry floor, a remembered voice, the touch of a hand, a loved face. They've gone and you can only wait for the pain to pass.
All this happened so long ago. And I never returned, never wrote, never met anyone who might have given me news of Oxgody. So, in memory, it stays as I left it, a sealed room furnished by the past, airless, still, ink long dry on a put-down pen.
But this was something I knew nothing of as I closed the gate and set off across the meadow.”



“Lo decía en serio. Esa promesa le quemaba el corazón”



“depression:
• i'm not happy
• i'm so fucking irritable
• i can never concentrate on anything
• i can't make decisions for myself
• i'm always to blame
• i've lost interest everything
• i avoid people
• i isolate myself
• i've self harmed
• i cry alot”

“I don't want your patronage. I don't want your tea. I was quite happy. What do you want to unsettle me for?”



“It is like you to have thought of such a beautiful thing."
Not a thing, only an ending," said Helen rather sadly; and the sense of tragedy closed in on Margaret again as soon as she left the house.”



“Khi con người đang đau khổ thì phía sau mỗi một lời của họ ẩn hàng chục những lời không nói ra”

“...and to the absolute fucking horror of losing your best friend because you were stupid enough to fall in love with he.”

“Graystripe, find Cinderpelt."
"Too late," Whitestorm breathed. "I go to hunt with StarClan."
"You can't - the clan needs you! I need you!"
"You will find others..." The white warrior's gaze, growing rapidly dimmer, flickered to Graystripe and back again. "Trust your heart Firestar. You have always known that Graystripe is the cat StarClan destined to be your deputy."
Letting out a long sigh he closed his eyes.”



“Sad music can help you work through what you are feeling sometimes. I think it is best to experience the emotion, try to find the truth behind why you feel like that and then let it go.”

“Sad music can help you work through what you are feeling sometimes. I think it is best to experience the emotion, try to find the truth behind why you feel like that and then let it go.”

“How sad, lonely, and empty to live a life without love?”

“When you are sad today, remember your happy-past to survive emotionally today!”

“Scott, with a gentleness that Gerald would never forget and that continued to pain him long afterward, ever so carefully turned the beetle back over, cradled it in his palm, and placed it tenderly under a mound of lavender.”



“Silencio. El vacío que ella había dejado cuando desapareció seguía en su cabeza.”



“I've felt so sad for years about you. My love for you has always had a sad face.”



“There is a deep foundation of my being which knows not of time and change and is still and ever with Hartley, in that good place where we once were.”



“Never swim in a rough sea, dear boy, this sea's a killer. But the past refused to come back, as it did in dreams, to be remade. Titus walked in my dreams in the brightness of his youth, which was now made eternal. Or else I dreamed that he was dead and felt joy on waking.”



“I'm afraid I don't know their address, but there it is, when people are gone they're gone, isn't it.”



“And wilderness is paradise now.”




“For the briefest moment, Ulla despised Signy, as we can only hate those who rescue us from loneliness.”



“Crediting someone for your unhappiness is
about not taking responsibility yourself.”

“Leave us, you were always on the outside of our love.”



“I turned to go home. Street lights winked down the street all the way to town. I
had never seen our neighborhood from this angle. There were Miss Maudie’s,
Miss Stephanie’s—there was our house, I could see the porch swing—Miss
Rachel’s house was beyond us, plainly visible. I could even see Mrs. Dubose’s.
I looked behind me. To the left of the brown door was a long shuttered window. I
walked to it, stood in front of it, and turned around. In daylight, I thought, you
could see to the postoffice corner.
Daylight… in my mind, the night faded. It was daytime and the neighborhood
was busy. Miss Stephanie Crawford crossed the street to tell the latest to Miss
Rachel. Miss Maudie bent over her azaleas. It was summertime, and two children
scampered down the sidewalk toward a man approaching in the distance. The man
waved, and the children raced each other to him.
It was still summertime, and the children came closer. A boy trudged down the
sidewalk dragging a fishingpole behind him. A man stood waiting with his hands
on his hips. Summertime, and his children played in the front yard with their
friend, enacting a strange little drama of their own invention.
It was fall, and his children fought on the sidewalk in front of Mrs. Dubose’s. The
boy helped his sister to her feet, and they made their way home. Fall, and his
children trotted to and fro around the corner, the day’s woes and triumphs on their
faces. They stopped at an oak tree, delighted, puzzled, apprehensive.
Winter, and his children shivered at the front gate, silhouetted against a blazing
house. Winter, and a man walked into the street, dropped his glasses, and shot a
dog.
Summer, and he watched his children’s heart break. Autumn again, and Boo’s
children needed him.
Atticus was right. One time he said you never really know a man until you stand
in his shoes and walk around in them. Just standing on the Radley porch was
enough.”



“And he could go on in life, existing from day to day, without connection and without hope. For he did not know what to do with himself.”



“It was all a matter of timing,", she says. "My train was late that day. The day I saw you drop your notebook. Had it been on schedule we never would have met. Maybe we were never meant to. It was a possibility, one of thousands, and not inevitable, the way some thins are.”



“With Deep Hurt comes Empathy”

“When you are happy, you do not ask yourself- why am I happy or why does happiness come to my life? Similarly, when you are sad, you should not ask yourself- why am I sad or why does sadness follow me like a shadow? Accept both happiness and sadness as inseparable parts of life and your life will be easy!”

“Takumi stood up, walked into his bathroom and came out with a Gatorade bottle filled with clear liquid. 'I keep it in the medicine cabinet,' Takumi said. 'On account of how it's medicine.”



“She felt weak and utterly forlorn. She wished some help would come from outside. But in the whole world there was no help.”



“In the Eastern story, the heavy slab that was to fall on the bed of state in the flush of conquest was slowly wrought out of the quarry, the tunnel of the rope to hold it in its place was slowly carried through the leagues of rock, the slab was slowly raised and fitted in the roof, the rope to the great iron ring. All being made ready with much labour, and the hour come, the sultan was aroused in the dead of the night, and the sharpened axe that was to sever the rope from the great iron ring was put into his hand, and he struck with it, and the rope parted and rushed away, and the ceiling fell. So, in my case; all the work, near and afar, that tended to the end had been accomplished, and in an instant the blow was struck, and the roof of my stronghold dropped upon me.”



“Standing at a certain distance, you might have a different perception of me and my tiny universe. But darling, is my love too less or are you blind to walk away from a universe that only consists of you?”

“It struck her then, as if someone had said it aloud: her mother was dead, and the only thing worth remembering about her, in the end, was that she had cooked. Marilyn thought uneasily of her own life, of hours spent making breakfasts, serving dinners, packing lunches into neat paper bags. How was it possible to spend so many hours spreading peanut butter across bread?”



“He locks the door, stares down at the floor; she lies on the sofa, stares at the ceiling. They don't know if they have anything to say to each other anymore. Everything has a breaking point, and even though people always say that "a joy shared is a joy doubled," we seem to insist on believing that the opposite is true of sorrow. Perhaps that isn't actually the case. Two drowning people with lead weights around their ankles may not be each other's salvation; if they hold hands, they'll just sink twice as fast. In the end the weight of carrying each other's broken hearts becomes unbearable.”



“If anyone heard us, I bet they understood, because one of life’s sad truths is that not all of us receive love but every single one of us knows pain.”



“Love has no cure, only prescriptions.”

“he would awake from those dreams with an overpowering sadness and the familiar knowledge that this deprivation could not be alleviated without the risk of further betrayal and the eventual certainty of absolute erasure. Both pains were too extreme to face again. Better, it seemed, just to let his soul die slowly, bit by lonely bit.”

“After all is said and done, make sure you are not sad and down.”

“He shook his head. "I never wanted to admit this to myself," he said with something like tranquility, "but you really do hate me, don't you, Edith?”

“Show how you can get
me back my childhood
Do not keep reminding
me of my past otherwise”

“People will tell you there's peace in solitude. These people haven't been alone for very long.”

“From love's absolutism to love's absolution? No: I don't believe in the cosy narratives of life some find necessary, just as I choke on comforting words like redemption and closure. Death is the only closure I believe in; and the wound will stay open until that final shutting of the doors. As for redemption, it's far too neat, a movie-maker's bromide; and beyond that, it feels like something grand, which human beings are too imperfect to deserve, much less bestow upon themselves.”



“It's only a nightmare, and soon we'll be set free.”

“Am I at home, or am I in hell?”

“But now I'm home
Right where I belong
And I cannot stay strong
And in my mind
It's what I deserve all along
Just let me go
I'm trapped within my home
They left me all alone
It's all I know
And as my fear grows
It's where I call my home”

“Can you even hear me cry?
I know you're broken deep inside,
I swear I'll put you back together.”

“I know, Sensei. There are others who suffer more than I. But it's not the size of the problem that makes the difference.”



“Can we hug? Not because we’re sad or in love but because we’re human.”



“Love is a chameleon
It changes, it adapts
But sadly survives
when you want it dead”

“And with every step I took it became more impossible for me to turn back. And my mind was empty—or it was as though my mind had become one enormous, anaesthetized wound. I thought only,
One day I'll weep for this. One of these days I'll start to cry.
”




“Much has been written of love turning to hatred, of the heart growing cold with the death of love. It is a remarkable process. It is far more terrible than anything I have ever read about it, more terrible than anything I will ever be able to say.”



“But how do we live with these secrets locked within us? How do we tie our shoes, brush our hair, drink coffee, wash the dishes, and go to sleep, pretending everything is fine? How do we laugh and feel happiness despite the buried things growing inside? How can we do that day after day?”



“But another part of me wants to shake Jojo and Michaela awake, to lean down and yell so they startle and sit up so I don't have to see the way they turn to each other like plants following the sun across the sky. They are each other's light.”



“I scrub my skin
to rid me from you
and I still don’t know why I cried.
It was just something in the way you took my heart and rearranged my insides and I couldn’t recognise the emptiness you left me with when you were done. Maybe you thought my insides would fit better this way, look better this way, to you and us and all the rest.
But then you must have changed your mind
or made a wrong
because why did you
leave?”



“The morning weighs on my shoulders with the dreadful weight of hope and I take the blue envelope which Jacques has sent me and tear it slowly into many pieces, watching them dance in the wind, watching the wind carry them away. Yet, as I turn and begin walking toward the waiting people, the wind blows some of them back on me.”



“On each piece of paper I found addresses, telephone numbers, memos of various rendezvous made and kept—or perhaps not kept—people met and remembered, or perhaps not remembered, hopes probably not fulfilled: certainly not fulfilled, or I would not have been standing on that street corner.”



“No final das contas, era isso o que mais me doía, pois quando o amor se torna impossível, só nos resta uma alternativa. Amar em silêncio. Chorar em silêncio. Em segredo.”



“Perhaps there was another life, not so sad, that I missed somehow this time, and will have in another world.”



“It was easier for me to begin picking at Snow Flower's faults than to feel the emotions raging inside of me.”



“To protect my heart, this is what I would have to do with Snow Flower. I couldn't let anyone know I was dying from anguish that she no longer loved me.”



“I just want you to know that you're very special and the only reason I'm telling you is that I don't know if anyone else ever has.”



“Most people have given back to life the power to make themselves happy.”

“It's time I use my words for good and stop twisting them just because I regret the truth.”



“And that's why he's come back again,
to tip these ashes onto the tongue of the wind
and watch them spindrift into the night.
Not just to make the circle complete,
to heal or mend
but because he knows these walls,
sunk however low,
still hold him in as well as out:
protect as much as they defend.
-The Hill Fort”



“Then you said "nothing has changed".
You lied.”



“The poeticization of words
I was worried now,
I do not do it anymore, and the silence continues to ravage my soul
I was worried now,
I do not know and the silence of love continues to ravage my soul and my heart
drained of emotions and the lonely road never seems to end
the lightning of love continues to fail

and I stay with a heart full of burning scars

I see them in the crowd the mocking laughter
the bad jokers, the worthless people who are afraid
double-edged friends who stab, and slash
without thinking about the consequences
scars forming in the mind
filled with screaming voices
his stubborn voices will never leave me paralyzer
adding weight to the confusion of insecurity wearing
I was worried now,
I do not do it anymore, and the silence continues to ravage my soul
I was worried now,
I do not know and the silence continues to ravage my soul
the music call me night fall
to deliver me in synchronicity words memorize
restitution of my thinking I do not know to ask me
but why is my heart still so hollow?
and I can not find rest in any place
he told me one day everything will be better
but the weight of emotions enclose me agonize
and I have to stay hidden
because this world is without mercy
I was worried now,
I do not do it anymore, and the silence continues to ravage my soul
I was worried now,
I do not know and the silence of love continues to ravage my soul
and I'm tearing from the inside
my friends do not see it because a wall was built
and the trust beat hospitalizer
never got back from the fight lead lonely
in a slice surround with explosions of bad intent
and radiation of emotions
my last companion
the poeticization of words.
(Marty Bisson Milo)”

“It's called a culling song. In some ancient culture, they sang it to children during famines or droughts, anytime the tribe had outgrown its land. It was sung to warriors injured in accidents or the very old or anyone dying. It was used to end misery and pain. It's a lullaby.”



“It's called a culling song. In some ancient cultures, they sang it to children during famines or droughts, anytime the tribe had outgrown its land. It was sung to warriors injured in accidents or the very old or anyone dying. It was used to end misery and pain. It's a lullaby.”



“Even suicidal people can smile.”

“Judgments are the only possible cause of unhappiness and happiness.”

“Winter’s come and I’m miserable. I hate depression. This self-pity. I’m rather drowning in it. We always get posh when we’re miserable. I’m rather empty. Looking outside, the morning is drowning in rain. Is my mind so easily dictated by the weather? What am I, a plant? I have legs to move me inside. Feet to dance. A voice to sing. That tree isn’t moping about. Although, if you don’t have a mind to mope with, you’ll hardly mope in the first place. But all mindful beings mope. Even that tabby cat huddled under the neighbour’s car looks miserable.”



“No one knew what was wrong with me or what kind of sick joke my head was playing, but it felt like a ninja was chopping my heart.”



“Almost from childhood, she knew that a concentration camp was nothing exceptional or startling but something very basic, a given into which we are born and from which we can escape only with the greatest of efforts, p. 137.”



“I can pretend it’s all pretend! I can be the life of your death and you can be the death of my life… what a trade-off!”



“Her face was wet with tears.
A foreigner in the world of the emotions, ignorant of their language but compelled to listen to it, I turned into the street. With every step I marvelled more at the extent of Marian's self-deception. Why then was I moved by what she had said? Why did I half wish that I could see it all as she did? And why should I go on this preposterous errand? I hadn't promised to and I wasn't a child, to be ordered about. My car was standing by the public call-box; nothing easier than to ring up Ted's grandson and make my excuses. . . .
But I didn't, and hardly had I turned in at the lodge gates, wondering how I should say what I had come to say, when the south-west prospect of the Hall, long hidden from my memory, sprang into view.”



“«No creía en la eternidad ni en la típica frase de los cuentos donde viven felices y comen perdices, Sabía que todo en la vida tenía un fin y, si se enamoraba de él, el suyo sería demasiado doloroso»”



“Three People
One cause the misunderstanding
The other misunderstood
And another did not wish to explain
That night, all three of them walked in the rain”

“I accepted these limitations, knowing that my worth was based entirely on the child growing inside me.”



“Shipwrecks
The wild seas for which she longed, lay far beyond the shore.
The shipwreck that her lips had sung, meant she never left at all.
It wasn't 'til the tide had won, that she learned it could not hurt her.
It was the furthest she had gone - and she never went much further.”

“Come, I'll take you to San Giacomo before you change your mind,' I finally said. 'There is still time before lunch. Remember the way?'
'I remember the way.'
'You remember the way,' I echoed.
He looked at me and smiled. It cheered me. Perhaps because I knew he was taunting me.
Twenty years was yesterday, and yesterday was just earlier this morning, and morning seemed light-years away.
'I'm like you,' he said. 'I remember everything.'
I stopped for a second. If you remember everything, I wanted to say, and if you are really like me, then before you leave tomorrow, or when you're just ready to shut the door of the taxi and have already said goodbye to everyone else and there's not a thing left to say in this life, then, just this once, turn to me, even in jest, or as an afterthought, which would have meant everything to me when we were together, and, as you did back then, look me in the face, hold my gaze, and call me by your name.”




“So I waited. Then I got used to waiting. Eventually, waiting was more real than what we had.”



“And yet my life started here and stopped here one summer long ago, in this house, which no longer exists, in this decade, which slipped away so fast, with this never love that altered everything but went nowhere.”



“No matter how it seems now, I must confess: I loved him. I do not think that I will ever love anyone like that again. And this might be a great relief if I did not also know that, when the knife has fallen, Giovanni, if he feels anything will feel relief.”



“There are too many ways to drown even if you don’t want to drown.”

“What was sad was knowing she was most likely the last reminder that there might never be
another go
. We might still communicate, might still meet for coffee, but the dream was gone, the hand across the table was gone, the square itself was gone.”



“I'm looking at all this and I'm thinking that one day I won't be here to see it and I know I'll miss it, even if I won't have a heartbeat to miss anything. I miss it now for the-days-when, the way I miss places I've never traveled to or things I've never done." "What things have you never done?" "You're young and you're very handsome—how could you possibly understand?" He removed his arm. He lived in a future that wouldn't be his to live in and longed for a past that hadn't been his either. There was no turning back and no going forward. I felt for him.”



“I had to get out of there for my face showed too much, the war in my body was dragging me down. My feet refused to carry me over to him again. The wind of my life was blowing me away.”



“I took up the letter. On seeing the first line I knew it directly, but could not hold back from reading the whole thing, not once but many times, for it was the only love letter I had received in my life.”



“When I was done reading the poem, everyone was quiet. A very sad quiet. But the amazing thing was that it wasn't a bad sad at all. It was just something that made everyone look around at each other and know that they were there.”



“I like longing
climbing up the railings of sound and color
catching into my open mouth
the frozen scent
I like my loneliness
suspended higher
than a bridge
embracing the sky with its arms
and my love walking barefoot over the snow”

“Our star life, yours with mine. As someone said over dinner once, each of us is given at least nine versions of our lives, some we guzzle, others we take tiny, timid sips from, and some our lips never touch.”



“Or were we like people who have died before their time and are given a second chance by some minor deity, but with so many provisos that the new life feels like a deferred death?”



“You were the sun to my moon. But to you? I was just another celestial body in a sky full of stars.”

“despite all the negative press covfefe”

“I told you I loved you, but I said it a little too late. You move in time and sometimes our timing is against one another.”

“I couldn’t sleep without you. Not because I needed you, but because your body was a temperature I was used to being next to.”

“He was waiting, I think, for me to cross that space and take him in my arms again—waiting, as one waits at a deathbed for the miracle one dare not disbelieve, which will not happen.”



“The symmetry of it all, or was it the emptied, seemingly ransacked neatness of his room, tied a knot in my throat. It reminded me less of a hotel room when you wait for the porter to help you take your things downstairs after a glorious stay that was ending too soon, than of a hospital room after all your belongings have been packed away, while the next patient, who hasn't been admitted yet, still waits in the emergency room exactly as you waited there yourself a week earlier.
This was a test run for our final separation. Like looking at someone on a respirator before it's finally turned off days later.”



“By contrast, what did I have to offer? Nothing really. Less now. I was more like a curious stone that is picked up, carried a while, and finally dropped again with the realization that for all its interesting look, it is nothing more than hardened earth.”



“How can we ever bring ourselves to make love again, I thought, if we can speak of our love only by oblique reference to death?”



“Now, how far away did Abingdon Square feel, as though it and she and the restaurant, and Maria Malibran, and the sudden false rainfall by the flickering lights of the Miramar hotel sign belonged to another life, a life unlived, a life I knew had turned its back to me and was being nailed to the wall.”



“I'm dressed appropriate for the season mama, I'm dressed appropriately for the season.”



“You choose darkness over light because one is the truth and one is the mask.”

“You mistake tragedy for horror because no one likes true sadness.”

“You slip in night because darkness is a type of coldness. A temperature where you feel somewhat safe. By feeling safe, you feel like you. You blend in with the night causing your shades to become temporary enough to expose them.”

“i am that person which everybody replaces after a while”

“I wonder if Linda would still come see me if she wasn't called sister. I wonder if light would still fade if weren't a word night.”



“It was one of those imponderables of existence that months, even years, can go by without anything significant happening, and then suddenly a cluster of hours comes along or even minutes, that can blow a hole in time a mile wide”



“You wallow in abusive relationships because that’s all you have in that moment. You need something darker to bring you to truth.”

“And on that evening when we grow older still we'll speak about these two young men as though they were two strangers we met on the train and whom we admire and want to help along. And we'll want to call it envy, because to call it regret would break our hearts.'
Silence again.
'Perhaps I am not yet ready to speak of them as strangers,' I said.
'If it makes you feel any better, I don't think either of us ever will be.”




“We walked down the back stairwell into the garden where the old breakfast table used to be. 'This was my father's spot. I call it his ghost spot. My spot used to be over there, if you remember.' I pointed to where my old table used to stand by the pool.
'Did I have a spot?' he asked with a half grin.
'You'll always have a spot.'
I wanted to tell him that the pool, the garden, the house, the tennis court, the
orle of paradise
, the whole place, would always be his ghost spot. Instead, I pointed upstairs to the French windows of his room. Your eyes are forever there, I wanted to say, trapped in the sheer curtains, staring out from my bedroom upstairs where no one sleeps these days. When there's a breeze and they swell and I look up from down here or stand outside on the balcony, I'll catch myself thinking that you're in there, staring out from your world to my world, saying, as you did on that one night when I found you on the rock,
I've been happy here
. You're thousands of miles away but no sooner do I look at this window than I'll think of a bathing suit, a shirt thrown on on the fly, arms resting on the banister, and you're suddenly there, lighting up your first cigarette of the day—twenty years ago today. For as long as the house stands, this will be your ghost spot—and mine too, I wanted to say.”



“You never did forgive me, did you?'
'Forgive? There was nothing to forgive. If anything, I'm grateful for everything. I remember good things only.'
I had heard people say this in movies. They seemed to believe it.”



“I was going to walk him outside the hotel lobby and then stand and watch him go. Any moment now we were going to say goodbye. Suddenly part of my life was going to be taken away from me now and would never be given back.”



“Next to it on the wall was a framed postcard of Monet's berm. I recognized it immediately.
'It used to be mine, but you've owned it far, far longer than I have.' We belonged to each other, but had lived so far apart that we belonged to others now. Squatters, and only squatters, were the true claimants to our lives.”



“All these years, whenever I thought of him, I'd think either of B. or of our last days in Rome, the whole thing leading up to two scenes: the balcony with its attendant agonies and via Santa Maria dell' Anima, where he'd pushed me against the old wall and kissed me and in the end let me put one leg around his. Every time I go back to Rome, I go back to that one spot. It is still alive for me, still resounds with something totally present, as though a heart stolen from a tale by Poe still throbbed under the ancient slate pavement to remind me that, here, I had finally encountered the life that was right for me but had failed to have.”



“But this thing that almost never was still beckons, I wanted to tell him. They can never undo it, never unwrite it, never unlive it, or relive it—it's just stuck there like a vision of fireflies on a summer field toward evening that keeps saying,
You could have had this instead
. But going back is false. Moving ahead is false. Looking the other way is false. Trying to redress all that is false turns out to be just as false.
Their life is like a garbled echo buried for all time in a sealed Mithraic chamber.”



“In years to come, if the book was still in his possession, I wanted him to ache. Better yet, I wanted someone to look through his books one day, open up this tiny volume of
Armance
, and ask,
Tell me who was in silence, somewhere in Italy in the mid-eighties?
And then I'd want him to feel something as darting as sorrow and fiercer than regret, maybe even pity for me, because in the bookstore that morning I'd have taken pity too, if pity was all he had to give, if pity could have made him put an arm around me, and underneath his surge of pity and regret, hovering like a vague, erotic undercurrent that was years in the making, I wanted him to remember the morning on Monet's berm when I'd kissed him not the first but the second time and given him my spit in his mouth because I so desperately wanted his in mine.”



“There is a spot on via Santa Maria dell' Anima that I revisit every time I'm in Rome. I'll stare at it for a second, and suddenly it'll all come back to me. I had just thrown up that night and on the way back to the bar you kissed me. People kept walking by but I didn't care, nor did you. That kiss is still imprinted there, thank goodness. It's all I have from you. This and your shirt.”



“I'm a prince, Alina. I can't afford to be myself.”



“Or had I come with a far more menial purpose? To find him living alone, waiting for me, craving to be taken back to B.? Yes, both our lives on the same artificial respirator, waiting for that time when we'd finally meet and scale our way back to the Piave memorial.”



“I was stubborn and refused to chase, I threw my ego away and chased; it does not matter. Some people are just not meant to be.”

“You couldn't ever really fix a sad story. You could only make another. And another. And another, until you found the right one at last, the one that ends in joy.”



“Homelessness is a nationality now.”



“I knew that he was filled with grief when he finally kissed me one last time in one of the bathroom stalls at Fiumicino Airport and that, even if on the plane the drinks and the movie had distracted him, once alone in his room in New York, he too would be sad again, and I hated thinking of him sad, just as I knew he'd hate to see me sad in our bedroom, which had all too soon become my bedroom.”



“The picture would remind Oliver of the morning when I first spoke out. Or of the day when we rode by the berm pretending not to notice it. Or of that day we'd decided to picnic there and had vowed not to touch each other, the better to enjoy lying in bed together the same afternoon. I wanted him to have the picture before his eyes for all time, his whole life, in front of his desk, of his bed, everywhere. Nail it everywhere you go, I thought.”



“He kissed me on the mouth, but it wasn't the kiss after the Pasquino, when he'd pressed me hard against the wall on via Santa Maria dell' Anima. I recognized the taste instantly. I'd never realized how much I liked it or how long I'd missed it. One more thing to log on that checklist of things I'd miss before losing him for good.”



“I looked at him: I want one more kiss.
I should, could, have seized him.
By the next morning, things became officially chilly.”



“Those who cry are dead inside”

“We stood there for a few seconds where my father and I had spoken of Oliver once. Now he and I were speaking of my father. Tomorrow, I'll think back on this moment and let the ghosts of their absence maunder in the twilit hour of the day.”



“I could never think of him in New England. When I lived in New England for a while and was separated from him by no more than fifty miles, I continued to imagine him as stuck in Italy somewhere, unreal and spectral.”



“When the darkness came for Dottie, it was quick and it was total.”



“I thought about my death. It was not just a matter of stopping. It would be a parting from all there was in this world, even a parting from myself. And this would still be true no matter how much I loved something. This is what made death so terribly sad.”



“Writing about you is such a pleasure
Love for your is hard to measure
You might not believe me although
But your memories are my treasure..”

“When I could look beyond the external beauty.....I found immense ental love in the world”



“Maybe every other sorrow I'd known in life suddenly decided to converge on this very one. I had to fight it off. And if he didn't see, it's probably because he himself was not immune to it.”



“Sadness can make life beautiful. All you need is to taste it in a right way!”

“The more you love somthing, the harder it is to lose.”



“i would rather eat dog shit full of razor blades than have anything to do with you.”



“Ako sa dostanem z toho labyrintu?!”

“And then there are days of being lost in the woods, not knowing the fate, but just being a wanderer - That's life”

“You have my heart, but I don’t know what you want with it.”

“I'm coming for you Newt”




“What greater sorrow than being forced to leave behind my native earth?”



“These must be the most depressing words in the history of love. "I tried really hard to love you".”



“Autumn.
A season. A girl. A memory.
Autumn.
Her eyes twinkled with mischief.
Her smile was infectious.
Her laugh was a cure.
Autumn.
She broke me.”

“All fire burns, little baby. You’ll learn.”



“Someday I will pick up shells of every colour
And probably even rob the sea of its wonder
Yet I won't find a single piece
That'd resemble the broken pieces I gathered years ago
Thinking those grains of sand were whole”

“I love and I lust and it really doesn’t matter if they love me back because sometimes that’s what love is.”

“We looked into one another's eyes, and I think we both knew in that instant that the past was behind us. We could never be to each other what we had been once.”



“You couldn’t tell I was crying because my eyes were closed.”

“I like the sketch,' I said.
'Why?'
'Because it looks just like my chair.'
'Is that the only reason?'
'It holds something,' I said.
'What?'
'Emotion.'
'Tell me,' Dante said.
'It's sad. It's sad and lonely.'
'Like you,' he said.
I hated that he saw who I was. 'I'm not sad all the time,' I said.”



“He hadn't left any of the stretches that he'd done of me. But he did leave a sketch of my rocking chair. It was perfect. A rocking chair against the bare walls of my room. He'd captured the afternoon light streaming into the room, the way the shadows fell on the chair and gave it depth and made it appear as if it was something more than an inanimate object. There was something sad and solitary about the sketch and I wondered if that's the way he saw the world or if that's the way he saw my world.
I starred at the sketch for a long time. It scared me. Because there was something true about it.”



“surround yourself in a pool of misery and you too shall drown in it - (G Swiss)”

“You can try and stop boys all you want, but in this world they all have a mind of their own and act on it. We girls can't afford that.”



“Görüyorsun ya, ailede herkes genellikle iyi. Öyleyse neden küçük İsa bize yakınlık göstermiyor? Dr. Faulhaber'in evine gidersin masanın bir sürü şeyler tepeleme dolu olduğunu görürsün. Villas-Boaslarda da öyle. Dr. Adaucto Luz'dan hiç söz etmeyelim."
İlk kez, Totóca'nın ağlamak üzere olduğunu gördüm.
"Bu nedenle, küçük İsanın yalnız iş olsun diye yoksul doğmak istediğini düşünüyorum. Sonra da, yalnızca zenginlerin zahmete değdiğini görmüştü... Neyse, bırakalım bunları. Belki söylediklerim çok günah.”



“The only lie I ever told you is that I liked you when I already knew I loved you.”

“Don't tell me how to feel.”



“It’s not that I think you’re a sad person in a sense of you being pathetic, it’s different. I look in your eyes and I see your soul and I know how it feels. The way you kneel and those feelings of despair. All I wanted you to know is that I’m here. Regardless of my presence, you know I can and I will always be there for you.”

“I want you to look at me the way I look at the ceiling in the night. The way three am knows my name.”

“Hell’s empty because all the demons are in my head.”

“You stole my soul but I figured it was because you needed it more.”

“He steals your knees, not because he needs you, but because he feeds off of your fears.”

“All i need is a chance”

“I’d rather be oblivious and ignorant in regards to him. I don’t want to know if and when he dies because honestly, there’s a chance I will follow him.”

“It was like that time on the phone, how I said I was scared you’d forget about me. The way you said that’s a chance you’ll have to take was said with such a deep repressed sadness.”

“A short, quick gasp escapes her trembling lips, spots dancing in her vision. Hunching until she is small, silent the scream remains, as blackness and pain hold her prisoner against her father’s rage”



“When the sun meets the sky and you finally find what it is you’re looking for, I’ll no longer be here.
We’ll both be dead and that voice you hear inside your head, I hope it’s dead too. I hope you’ll be at peace and all those words I said meant something.”

“Loving you might’ve been free, but it sure took a toll on me.”

“It was never a lingering sadness in result of us not being together. It was more so your arrogance towards the situation that brought on the sadness.”

“How can you escape from your own conscience, the reality of your own actions?”




“Self-loathing was on the agenda for the foreseeable future and he found it hard to imagine a way past it.”



“We take to the skies, Stormblessed," Lunamor said. "We will walk no more in coming days. This is the end.”



“Feeling rottten is much worse than feeling just bad or sad. Feeling rotten is when it seems like no one else in the world understands how you're feeling. When you're feeling rotten everything seems rotten around you.”



“It’s about the eyes, really. If you’ve seen enough, you just look older, no matter what the rest of your face looks like.”



“Would it...would it be all right...if I loved you forever?”



“I loved and I loved and I lost you.”

“This is where he had ended up, lying on his back, trying to forget himself.”



“Arnesians had a dozen ways to say hello, but no word for good-bye.
When it came to parting ways, they sometimes said vas ir, which meant in peace, but more often they chose to say anoshe—until another day.
Anoshe was a word for strangers in the street, and lovers between meetings, for parents and children, friends and family. It softened the blow of leaving. Eased the strain of parting. A careful nod to the certainty of today, the mystery of tomorrow. When a friend left, with little chance of seeing home, they said anoshe. When a loved one was dying, they said anoshe. When corpses were burned, bodies given back to the earth and souls to the stream, those left grieving said anoshe. Anoshe brought solace. And hope. And the strength to let go.”



“I didn’t love until rejection which said nothing about him, but everything about me.”

“My life is so empty, that even death doesn't wont to take me!”

“Nadia," she says, very softly. I lean forward, straining to hear. Her expression has changed, drawn, as if in pain. "She's gone," she whispers. "The bed is empty."
"Who, Mother?"
"Nadia," she says again. "Her book is wrong. It's not Nadia's book." I know Mother. But it was only ever the book that was wrong. Not the daughter. Never the daughter.”



“I am sunken in my own sea and
I will drown myself in my loneliness within it.”



“High above us, the swallows still sing around the smokestacks.”



“This woman Koharu could undo their coats and take the money from inside the purse. A technique called ‘nakanuki.’ What’s more, the story goes that after she emptied the purse she’d close it again and button up their coat. Incredible skill.”
“Really?”
“Surrounded by misery, those people laughed at the whole world.”



“I feel abnormally aware of the air in my lungs and of the blood in my body. Brian’s breath is loud and reminds me that he is a person and that he is alive and so am I. I put his hand on my throat to stop my breath and try to subdue this feeling of being a person who breathes and takes up space and fucks people, but he won’t keep his hand there. He moves it to my waist and kisses my forehead.
I feel a cold rush down my body and suddenly I’m panicked. I wonder if Brian has ever been with a girl who loved him before. I wonder if there is a person out in the world who would feel sick at the thought of him being naked with me. I cannot shake this thought. I become sure of it. I suddenly feel a sickening, overwhelming guilt. I have to close my eyes to stop from crying at the thought of the girl I have imagined.”



“I'm nobody. I'm just a tiny little character in the big book of your life. And you're right. People do die. All of them. Bar none. So what does it even mean? I call someone crazy because not everybody is crazy. I call someone brilliant because not everyone is brilliant. But everybody dies. Squirrels die. Tress die. Skin cells die and your inner organs die and the person you were yesterday's dead too. So what does it mean to die? Not much.”



“Alas! how terrible it is to know,
Where no good comes of knowing!”



“I’ve been alone in my mind for so long that this void doesn’t frighten me.”

“The clouds turned from pink to grey and that very metaphor defined my life in that very moment.”

“A darkness is something I admire. The beauty to experience an evil.”

“I found you in our truth. Running sideways for a broken muse who loved strangers as much as alcohol.”

“A smile leaked from behind the boy’s somber face, and then the thing withered like a little flower growing someplace infirm.”



“I love you so much. Loved you so much.”



“
In a snow-white field near Moscow, I want you above all to hear how sad my living voice is.
”



“The Hussar never does see his English Katherine again except in dreams and hopes and luxurious regret, and the child he dreams turns out to be a boy, not a girl, with flyaway hair.”



“We were young together in the worst way.”



“music heals the loneliness
but healing loneliness isn't healing pain”

“The water under the bridge looked strangely enticing. For a mortuary, it was oddly breathtaking. I felt in tune with all the beings lying underneath, creatures no different than me, some of them human, lost on their way to heaven, who decided to end it all one day for reasons no one else could comprehend. It pained my heart to think I was in that place.”



“Toxicity is my fuel. Break me and you can take me.”

“It’s almost funny, in a tragic way, that the fiery thing at the center of my universe did die and that I, a girl whose name is synonymous with summer, am expected to live without it.”




“A lark, caught in a hunter’s net
Sang sweeter then than ever,
As if the falling melody
Might wing and net dissever
At dusk the hunter took his prey,
The lark his freedom never.
All birds and men are sure to die
But songs may live forever.”



“I am wretched. Destitute.”

“There's a lot of beauty to be found in sadness and melancholia. One of the things that you find time and time again - not just with music, but with literature - is that things that appear to be quite depressing on the surface can ironically be very uplifting and touching to other people. When you hear something that really reminds you that you're not alone in feeling sad, depressed, melancholic, angry - I think that can actually be a very cathartic experience.”

“Although he doesn't know it yet, she isn't his real life. But he is hers.
This is painful.”



“When fall comes to town,
lovers, letters, and leaves
reunite on the sidewalks,
broken, burnt, and brown.”

“Be careful of broken people. Their sharp edges may cut you.”

“The stars stare back
In that deep,
Soul-shattering blackness
And from the depths of existence
Comes a cruel, icy wind
Raising the hairs
On the back of your neck
And suddenly it feels
Like you’re walking a tightrope
Over that endless abyss
On one sad, fraying, thin
Violin string.”



“It is sad to love and be unloved, but sadder still to be unable to love.”



“Human beings experience sadness because they want what is beyond human ability – absolute control and an immortal life.”



“She has never been in the presence, before, of two people who are in love with each other. She feels like a stray child, ragged and cold, with her nose pressed to a lighted window. A toy-store window, a bakery window, with fancy cakes and decorated cookies. Poverty prevents her entrance. These things are for other people; nothing for her.”



“Be careful of broken people. Their sharp edges may cut you.”

“Es gibt so viele Sorten Traurigkeit, wie es Lebensstunden gibt. Und wahrscheinlich noch ein paar mehr. Da ist es egal, ob Du weißt, woher diese oder jene Traurigkeit kommt. Das gehört zu unserem Leben.”



“Why be sad, when you can sing?”

“İçine atmak diye bir şey varken, anlatmaya ne gerek vardı?”



“We can feel damaged and sad and mad and know that it doesn’t make us any less worthy than when we didn’t feel that way.”

“There's no sadder sight than that of a child's coffin.”



“Without you, life has become meaningless, music has become melody-less, food has become tasteless, flowers have become colorless, the mind has become restless, and my heart has become feeling less.”



“We are all looking for perfection in our lives, but the truth is, there is no perfect. There’s just better and worse. And for what we are in this world, not being perfect is the perfect thing.”

“It is a sad state of affairs in the USA that for the sick and the poor that jail offers better benefits than the freedom of no healthcare, bills that cannot be paid and starvation.”

“Açıklanmadığı zaman anlayamıyor olman, ne kadar açıklanırsa açıklansın anlayamayacağın anlamına gelir.”

“...what I'm saying isn't for him. If my words were for him they would be different; softer, and more meaningful. They would be whispered in his ear instead of projected to a crowd.”



“Dying," Morrie suddenly said, "is the only one thing to be sad over, Mitch.
Living unhappily is something else.
So many of the people who come to visit me are unhappy.”



“In solitary at the towering fortress of desire, visioning for what the heart craved to restore, though waiting endlessly for the impossible.”

“But in this universe, the one he inhabited, he would always remain alive, he would always be in hell.”



“Starke entered his house a detective, slipped off his shoes and became a husband and father. It was five in the morning. The world was blue. He went to the refrigerator and opened the door, looking for answers to mysteries he would never comprehend. So he closed it and settled for water instead.”



“We're nothing. We're dust.”



“Without a song, the soul grieve in sad spirit.”

“When I wake up in the morning, it's always sort of a letdown as reality hits me.”

“Being a new mother is supposed to be the happiest time of your life, but postpartum depression and anxiety strip that away for a time, but trust that it will not last forever.”



“Seasons happened and things got colder and harder and suddenly I found myself smoking circles in the air
by myself in the snow
and I was not okay.”




“I was a flower that bloomed and sparked way too fast. He took me in ’cause I was pretty in all kinds of colors but way too soon I stood on his table sad and dried up. I forgot to nourish myself and the sun never shone from my sky.”

“In a polished surface of metal I happen to notice my reflected face; it wears a pale, beaten lonely look, eyes looking out at nothing with an expression of fear, frightened and lonely in a nightmare world. Something, I don’t know what, makes me think of my childhood; I remember myself as a schoolchild sitting at a hard wooden desk, and then as a little girl with thick, fair, wind-tossed hair, feeding the swans in a park. And it seems both strange and sad to me that all those childish years were spent in preparation for this – that, forgotten by everybody, with a beaten face, I should serve machinery in a place far away from the sun.”



“Being depressed means you are trying to see a colorful world through gray filtered eyes”

“He celebrated his solitude with a frown.”



“So I was a stone in the sea.
Gravity gave up on keeping me above the surface. I did not try to swim and so I sank to the bottom with no will to turn back. ”I’m tired,” I told him. ”I’m done”.
But he wouldn’t let me and he held me up even on his hardest days and he was a lighthouse when all I saw was darkness.”

“It's making me so sad that you are unreachable. My desire for your touch, and your lips. It's breaking me inside. I'm so scared you are the only one i will ever love. I'm so scared because I know there is no other you.”

“You cry in your room. I cry in my room. Mom cries in Mom's room. And in the morning everyone pretends like they never cried once in their life.”



“Loneliness is the endless disease that eats at our soul.”

“But no, now I see I never meant to Ben what Ben meant to me. If there was anything I said which resonated in return, he found a better speech elsewhere. My romance went no further than his coat.”



“If I wanted to consume something that looks and tastes like dirt, I’d eat dirt,” I said, “at least dirt isn’t overpriced."
~Beans~”

“From the bonny bells of heather,
They brewed a drink long syne,
Was sweeter far than honey,
Was stronger far than wine.
They brewed it and they drank it,
And lay in blessed swound,
For days and days together,
In their dwellings underground.
There rose a King in Scotland,
A fell man to his foes,
He smote the Picts in battle,
He hunted them like roes.
Over miles of the red mountain
He hunted as they fled,
And strewed the dwarfish bodies
Of the dying and the dead.
Summer came in the country,
Red was the heather bell,
But the manner of the brewing,
Was none alive to tell.
In graves that were like children’s
On many a mountain’s head,
The Brewsters of the Heather
Lay numbered with the dead.
The king in the red moorland
Rode on a summer’s day;
And the bees hummed and the curlews
Cried beside the way.
The King rode and was angry,
Black was his brow and pale,
To rule in a land of heather,
And lack the Heather Ale.
It fortuned that his vassals,
Riding free upon the heath,
Came on a stone that was fallen
And vermin hid beneath.
Roughly plucked from their hiding,
Never a word they spoke:
A son and his aged father –
Last of the dwarfish folk.
The king sat high on his charger,
He looked down on the little men;
And the dwarfish and swarthy couple
Looked at the king again.
Down by the shore he had them:
And there on the giddy brink –
“I will give thee life ye vermin,
For the secret of the drink.”
There stood the son and father
And they looked high and low;
The heather was red around them,
The sea rumbled below.
And up spoke the father,
Shrill was his voice to hear:
“I have a word in private,
A word for the royal ear.
“Life is dear to the aged,
And honour a little thing;
I would gladly sell the secret”,
Quoth the Pict to the King.
His voice was small as a sparrow’s,
And shrill and wonderful clear:
“I would gladly sell my secret,
Only my son I fear.
“For life is a little matter,
And death is nought to the young;
And I dare not sell my honour,
Under the eye of my son.
Take him, O king, and bind him,
And cast him far in the deep;
And it’s I will tell the secret
That I have sworn to keep.”
They took the son and bound him,
Neck and heels in a thong,
And a lad took him and swung him,
And flung him far and strong
And the sea swallowed his body,
Like that of a child of ten;
And there on the cliff stood the father,
Last of the dwarfish men.
“True was the word I told you:
Only my son I feared;
For I doubt the sapling courage,
That goes without the beard.
But now in vain is the torture,
Fire shall not avail:
Here dies in my bosom
The secret of the Heather Ale.”

“If you fail, you will be sad. But if you quit, you will be mad. Don't give up on your dreams. Get up. You can do it!”



“SUICIDE... Is to have the freedom to choose; when, where and how to die.”

“Pain writes the words, sorrow wields the pen, tears wet the paper, and the story mends the heart.”

“I would never understand how hurt and confused and hopeless he must have felt, to decide it wasn't worth trying, and I wasn't mad at him anymore for doing it...”



“It has to do with me because it has to do with you," Young says, his voice dropping. "Jaewon-ah, we've been friends longer than we've been--."
"Enemies?" I suggest weakly.
"Than we've been lost.”



“They are nothing but a broken bones crawling in the shadow of the past.”

“In the dark, there is silence but in the light there is warmth.”

“There is no worse sorrow than remembering happiness in the day of sorrow.”

“Art, and sadness, which last forever.”



“SUICIDE... Is to have the freedom to choose, when, where and how to die.”

“Love is like a drug that can either kill you, weaken you or make you stronger. Like a poison that finds it way through you body with each kiss, each touch and each look.
It makes you feel euphoric. Makes you feel like you can take on anything that comes on your path. Whether it walks behind, in front or beside you. No mountain is high enough, no ocean deep enough and the sky had no limit.
It can make you feel weak. Make you question everything around except the person who the love is for.
But it can also destroy you in a way you never would have imagined was even possible. It hurts like a thousand knives twisting against your spine, paralyzing you. It can make you feel like the world just caved in around you, beneath you.
You ask yourself if this is all worth it. Worth the euphoric feeling of someone loving you. Worth everything.
I can tell you that in the end, it is. Because now you may feel destroyed, but keep in mind that a feeling is something that can be changed. There is someone who will build you up. Who will climb the highest mountain or cross the deepest oceans. Who makes you feel alive all for the right reasons.
Someone who will not sugar coat his intentions. Who will not say he's someone he actually is not. Someone who wants you in his life. Who shows you off like a show pony to show everyone how proud he/she is to have you in his/her life.
The feeling of destruction will fade when you meet someone who is willing to build you up. Who doesn't care how deep your roots have rooted itself into the earth to keep yourself grounded. Who will find every last stone to make sure your as strong as ever when everything else came crumbling down.”

“Yay, science.”



“Show me all your sides, dive with me to your deepest points and guide me to your Everest. I'll always adore the way you are yourself, so don't tell me being sad makes me unhappy or love you less.”

“It is better to be sorrowful than sad.”

“How could you be sad, when you can sing?”

“I wasn’t dying alone. My beloved was dying with me.”



“SUICIDE...
Is to have the freedom to choose; when, where and how to die.
― John Zea”

“Why are you sad, when you can sing a song?”

“Every quote, every book, every film seemed to suggest that ‘one day’ someone would come into my life and love me with an intensity and a passion I had never experienced before. And to their credit they were right; It all came and went so fast it really did feel as if it were just ‘one day’....”

“He looked at me like I was the stars when all I’d ever felt like was the dark nothingness between them.”

“My heart’s been empty since you left - but still I refuse to put up a vacancy sign.
I’m just not ready for anybody else to move in yet.”

“It’s funny how we say a person ‘made’ us when they actually broke us.
Sort of like how I say ‘funny’... but I actually mean sad.”

“They say “Follow your heart”….
…. But I can’t follow you where you’re going…”

“It is the deepest of wrongs I am driven to write…. And losing you was one of them.”

“Though it’s reasons to burn may vary... you are always the fuel of my fire.”

“However, I must admit that keeping myself to myself has not always been comforting. At times, I seemed to suffer spells of depression and loneliness, longing to become healthy again; of going out and facing a world of injustices, of misery, of widespread indifference.”




“I part my lips, but no words come out. I want to cry. Want to beg. Want to scream. But mostly, I want to hold him until I know he’s going to be okay. Then I want him to hold me until I’m okay, too.”



“I said I was "just tired", but I never told you what I was tired of.”

“I hiked up a path and into the woods, thinking about what I should be thinking about and almost having a real feeling—a feeling like, this is really sad, this is a sad place to be, a sad part of my life, maybe just a sad life. The woods were not particularly beautiful. I was not impressed by the trees.”



“The first one is always the hardest.”



“Depression is like waking up and opening the blinds because your plants need sunlight, but it's 8p.m. It's always 8p.m and you keep apologizing for it.”

“But during those two months of fog . . . the saddest and the heaviest thing was to stand beside the sea. To be upon the beach yourself, and see the long waves coming in; to know that they are long waves, but only see a piece of them. And to hear them lifting roundly, swelling over smooth green rocks, plashing down in the hollow corners, but bearing on all the same as ever, soft and sleek and sorrowful, till their little noise is over.”



“I feel like crying. There's something so sad about broken concrete.”



“Furthermore, I refuse to wear a burqa. Of all the burdens they've put on us, that's the most degrading. The Shirt of Nessus woudn't do as much damage to my dignity as that wretched getup. It cancels my face and takes away my identity and turns me into an object. Here, at least, I'm me Zunaira, Mohsen Ramat's wife, age thirty-two, former magistrate, dismissed by obscurantists without a hearing and without compensation, but with enough self-respect left to brush my hair every day and pay attention to my clothes. If I put that damned veil on, I'm neither a human being nor an animal, I'm just an affront, a disgrace, a blemish that has to be hidden. That's too hard to deal with. Especially for someone who was a lawyer, who worked for women's rights. Please, I don't want you to think for a minute that I'm putting on some sort of act. I'd like to, you know, but unfortunately my heart's not in it anymore. Don't ask me to give up my name, my features, the color of my eyes, and the shape of my lips so I can take a walk through squalor and desolation. Don't ask me to become something less than a shadow, an anonymus thing rustling around in a hostile place.”



“We are nothing without them, our scars and our blemishes. Take away our delusional smiles if you must, snatch away our illusory happiness if you must, but please leave us our flaws for we do not wish to exist without them.”



“Making someone responsible for your misery also makes them responsible for your happiness. Why give that power to anyone but yourself?”

“We did not exist, the
we
we thought we'd always be.”



“He knows her like man knows earth, touching the surface but unaware of her depth.”

“Let the blue of the sky and ocean take your blue away when you feel blue”

“That boy never seemed to smile and he wore long sleeves year-round, and I was not so different from him—we were both unable to get near the real life in life.”



“Soon, the pain will be over!”



“[Jack:] 'I was twenty-four when I met Walker. Do you know I've never lived alone? I'm forty-four years old and I've never lived alone. The first few weeks Walker was gone, I didn't know what to do with myself. I'd stay in the store until late, pick up some takeout, and just watch television until I fell asleep.'
[... Melody:] 'Sounds kind of great right now.'
Jack looked at her and nodded. 'It
is
kind of great. That's my point. I miss Walker. I miss him terribly and I don't know what's going to happen. But for the first time ever, I'm only accountable to myself and I like it. I'm not proud of why I'm at this point, but I'm doing my best to figure it out, and I'm kind of enjoying it, parts of it anyway.”



“once you're gone, you made me feel nothing as if you were my emotions and you took it away from me.”

“All I need is you even if I don't know if I can't have you.”

“Faut être drôlement heureux pour supporter d'être triste, drôlement heureux ou drôlement courageux, et moi je ne suis pas très courageuse, et je suis très très malheureuse.”

“What a burden it must be to know all the terrible things you've done and support it with arms unfit to carry it all.”



“People have been telling so many lies. At the end you won't believe the simple truth.”

“There is always another way, make sure you look in all directions before deciding to give up”

“Though life has fated that we never cross paths again, don’t ever feel alone. For we are parallel …. and I will always be by your side.”

“I don’t think you ever really understood….
…. All the love I had in the world went to you.”

“I need to stop running back to you in my mind all the time.”

“It’s the intricate details you miss the most.
For me, it’s the soft lines around the eyes when he smiles… Or that look he gave me sometimes that I cannot begin to describe - but I would know it if I saw it again.
It was the look that gave him away.
I’d know that look anywhere…
It used to be my everything.”

“Like so many others my story begins with that same old line…. ‘So anyway, there was this guy….’ Until one day…. there wasn’t.
And nothing was ever the same after that….”

“When I was with him suddenly I wasn’t this broken person anymore.
I was just me.
I was whole again.
I was just a person – like everyone else.”

“I’d never dreamed anybody could love me the way he did. And even when he proved it to me time and again – I still could hardly believe it was true.”

“They say the truth hurts. And these words hurt more than any I have ever written. But they are the truth – The cold, hard, undeniable truth.
Not letting go doesn’t keep him with you.
It’s still over. He’s still gone.
… And nothing will ever change that.”

“How many times did we pass each other before we met? If only I’d known…. I would have searched for you endlessly.
If only I’d found you before it was already too late.”

“Perhaps I was easier to shake off for you because you’re such a together person. I was just an extra layer on the outside… like a blanket you could shrug off and feel just the same…. except maybe a little colder….
But I was always a broken person that was haphazardly held together by little more than my own strength. And so you just seeped in the cracks and mingled with my insides until you became an inseparable part of me. And as painful as that is, it still kind of warms me to know I will always carry a part of you with me.”

“In a way, it was the same as any normal break up. You took what was yours …. and I kept what I’d had from before we were together…
You took my heart …. and I had nothing…”

“With you in my life I felt like I could conquer anything.
It was as if I was on top of the world and even the stars themselves were just within my grasp.
But without you …. even getting through the day is hard.”

“I write what I love.
I will not stop – even when my hand hurts….
…. because I cannot stop – even though my heart hurts….”

“How I wish I could undo it all … take it all back…
All those years I spent unhappy with him …. when I should have been looking for you.”

“People aren´t born sad.
We make them that way.”

“Are you afraid now?" said Gregor.
"At times," she admitted. "But it is no worse than if I were in Regalia. You see, I was tired of constant fear, so I made a decision. Everyday when I wake I tell myself it will be my last. If you are not trying to hold on to time, you are not so afraid of losing it."
Gregor thought this was the single saddest thing anyone had ever said to him. He couldn't answer.
"And then, if you make it to bedtime, you feel the joy of cheating death out of one more day," she said. "Do you see?”




“If I can draw the slightest smile across a single face obliterated by pain, in that act I will have begun to understand the power of an ordinary human being to perform the seemingly impossible in the life of another human being. And how can that experience do anything less than drive me to try and make the world smile.”

“You should be with a nice human boy. One who takes your orders and puts up with your demands. Someone who dedicates his life to keeping you safe and well fed. Someone who can make you happy. Someone you can be proud of.”



“I didn't want my picture taken because I was going to cry. I didn't know why I was going to cry, but I knew that if anybody spoke to me or looked at me too closely the tears would fly out of my eyes and the sobs would fly out of my throat and I'd cry for a week. I could feel the tears brimming and sloshing in me like water in a glass that is unsteady and too full.”



“With this man I will never want. With this man I will never be sad again.”



“And he would put his arms around her and hold her, but he had no idea what to tell her. In his mind, Gregor knew how to kill things, not bring them back ti life.”



“When I was a kid, I used to watch that show, sitting on the couch in my pajamas and wishing more than anything that one day I'd just change into this other person. I thought that would explain everything. You know, about why I felt so different. Then I'd find out that my mother was really an alien or that I'd been bitten by a radioactive spider as a baby and it would all be okay because I'd be able to fly and see through walls.. But it never happened. I just went on being me my whole life, until one day I realized that all those superheroes were doing was fighting themselves, and that getting to breathe underwater or shoot fire from your fingers didn't really make up for being screwed up in the first place. It was just the consolation prize - you got the great costume and the invisible jet for being a loser in everything else.”



“This is not a book about race, though the disproportionate number of those who fell that day were black, and certain racial themes are unavoidable. It is not a book that sets out to compare the United States unfavorably with Britain, though it is written by a Briton to whom gun culture is alien. Finally, it is not a book about gun control; it is a book made possible by the absence of gun control.”

“Was she Minh Thuy, finally, or was she Jenny? But the time when there had been a meaningful difference between the two would come to seem like a tiny neighborhood where you couldn't decide which house was yours. Which felt important when you were high above, you thought, in the foothills, but not so much at the truer remove of a continent, where the lives you'd lived and the places you'd come from, dwindled to a single point on the horizon, in the incorrigibly distant past.”



“What he had remembered was to tuck among his changes of clothes one of Regan's framed photographs of the four of them from a few summers back, at Lake Winnipesaukee. He set it up on the nightstand, as if he might swim down into the past, where nothing could go wrong.”



“femelu could not understand this, her mother’s ability to tell herself stories about her reality that did not even resemble her reality”



“When one is just sad one should just be alone.”

“The Game
Today i want to play a game,
you'll win if you can guess my name,
I am the one who hide behind shadows,
Behind my smile i hide my deepest sorrows,
I am the one who wants to be loved,
But can't overcome the memories of once beloved,
I am the one who hear voices and see faces,
find a friend who love and actually cares,
I am the one who spent his life in illusion,
Believing that everything happens for a reason,
I am the one who is scared of happiness,
Because of that i never lived in fullness,
I am the one who lost the meaning of life,
There is no motivation which can thrive,
I am the one who failed a lot,
All the lessons i remember is what life taught,
I am the one people love his silence,
Ignoring the pain adoring his patience,
Look at me one more time and guess my name,
you'll win if you can guess my name”

“Her father kneels and unclasps the urn. Above the waves she falls graceful as snow, my sister, my Sonora.”



“How much can you really trust the promise of a suicidal farther?”



“Our parting was like a stalemate….
Neither of us won. Yet both of us lost.
And worse still … that unshakable feeling that nothing was ever really finished.”

“You’re everything to me.
But at best, I’m just a memory to you.”

“We met at a cross-roads in life,
But we were going different directions.
We were part of each other's lives,
But only for a moment.
The first person that you meet in life
Won't necessarily be the one who's forever.
Just look at you and me,
And it's not hard to see that
This is the moment before life goes on.
We are still friends;
We are still really good friends.
Please tell me that you agree.
But I'm not the one for you,
And you just can't see yourself with me.”




“I want to drown in my tears,
And my tears are my prayers.”

“Just please understand that everyone is going through a rough time as well. Even if they are hiding behind money or a simple smile. We are all continuously stumbling as we go about our lives. If we had perfect lives we'd all be perfect people. Only thing we can learn to do is endure or we will not be happy and happiness is the closest thing to perfect.”

“I know I've got no reason to be crying;
I know that there is nowhere left to run.
I know that there's no reason to be hiding,
I'm just mad at everyone; mad at everyone.”



“Some teach you
what can't be taught,
by turning their back
on you & helping
you get internally
closer to everything
you externally
sought.”

“You always
drop by, to en-
lighten my mind,
when my wings are
feeling heavy &
i've forgotten
how to
fly.”

“She wasn’t going to sit and wait. She was done waiting, because you could spend your whole life waiting for something to happen. Something big. You could wait and wait, and even if something big happened, even if it finally happened—it didn’t change anything.”



“I was satisfied that I had done my best. She was insane.”



“Waking in the morning, I had to remember grief all over again. It was sunny, a white winter sun, and that made me sad.”



“Well, then, what's the plan now? You can't stay here forever.'
My plan was indeed to stay there forever.”



“Wasn't much of a life anyway. Wasn't much of a brain."
"But didn't you say you were satisfied with your life?"
"Word games," I dismissed. "Every army needs a flag.”



“لربما يكون صوت ضحك الحزين عالياً ليخفي أصوات البكاء الكامنة في داخله، لربّما يكون ضحك الحزين مدوياً بسبب الفراغ الداخلي العميق الذي يعانيه الشخص، ولطالما تصدر الأواني الفارغة أصواتاً عالية عندما تطرق.”



“You had me believing that I was crazy. Every time I broke down over what seemed like nothing, it was you.’ Bade ran an anxious hand through his hair.
‘Well, that’s love isn’t it?’ Davina took his restless hand. ‘Love is crazy and irrational, and anything less would be boring.”



“Sometimes I sit and stare out at the people walking by, wondering if they’ve felt as I’ve felt, trapped, alone, but guiltily content in the knowledge that I will never know another’s thoughts, and therefore can feel special due to my unique loneliness.”



“Because no one can make another person happy", said George. "He was happy when he was with me, but otherwise he wasn't. That's not enough. I mean, in a relationship, you have your ups and downs, sure, and you help each other through, but if a person is genuinely unhappy, it won't work. No amount of love or laughter from the other person can fix that. Each person has to love and laugh on their own They need to feel it for real, deep down, in here.”

“Feeling like she really was just seven or eight, Claire sat down on the floor, books all around her, and she opened the last one she’d picked up. Even though it was dark, and even though her eyes couldn’t see the words, she knew them.
Knew the little prince’s story as well as her own.
She closed her eyes. She leaned her head forward against the book. And she sobbed.”



“I hope when this is done I'll be able to get back into my happy gardening vibe that was so healthy for me. I want to go back to my routine and my morning ritual with the compost, but it will probably be that my life will split in two. New Leaf Gardening in Wood Green will be happening in parallel to a fantasy that runs along the bottom of that screen like a ticker. Alice will be fine. Rabbit will stay up tonight, and every night. Resending and resending, reopening the page to see if she has responded, if anyone has. The spinning wheel will make my eyes hurt and everything else will go dark.”



“I wasn't always who I am now. No one ever is. I've spent my entire lifetime becoming who I am. Finally, I'm here and I'm old. It's depressing, it really is.”



“No weight in her pockets and far too much heaviness in her heart.”



“All the things that you said when you thought I wasn't there,
I just tell them to my corner, 'cause no one else would care.
That way, when I'm with you, I can keep a cheerful face,
But for the moment, I really just need some space.”



“Depression is my bestfriend”

“Such a funny thing, time. You spend your whole life wishing there was more or less of it, never realizing that the time already given could be worth more than that which you wished for.” -Davina”



“I’m in love with fiction. A fantasy that slips between my fingers when reality sets in.”



“Tell me that you don’t love me, and I’ll leave you alone. In this time or the next. Tell me that you don’t feel free. Tell me you can’t stand the way I look at you. But don’t tell me that I’m not allowed to love you. I will love you through every minute, every day, and every year for the rest of my life. My love for you is timeless.”



“My heart is torn in tiny pieces scattered throughout the years. I exist in several places because you carry those pieces with you, wherever you go, whoever you choose to be, I’ll be beside you in one form or another.”



“Depression is a Virus,
handling it Once, Builds Your Immunity to it.”

“I can say infinite for you to stay, but sadly it only took one from you to break us away and us separate ways”

“The world pushes us with no mercy and when some push back the world points and cries EVIL”

“You can miss places. You can miss people.
Just know that what you’re really missing is the way things were. And even if you could go there again…. see them again…. you can’t go back.
They’re not the same.
You’re not the same.
The loss of them changed you.”

“Though I never really had you….
… to me you will always be the one that got away.”

“It’s just never going to get any easier is it.
It’s never going away, this missing you.
It’s going to become a sadness I incorporate into myself – along with all the other sadnesses – and quietly carry around with me forever…”

“For you are you, and I am I, and once we were we… but as long as I exist and so do you – know that I will always love you.”

“I still think of you every day.
But I’m trying not to let it hurt me with the same intensity that it used to.”

“It hurts that I was just one page in the book of your life…
But what hurts more is knowing you’ll revise that chapter someday….
….. and you’ll erase me completely.”

“How do you love someone and just… walk away? Just like that.
You just, go on as normal…. You get up, get dressed, go to work… How can you do that?
How can you be okay with that?”

“There’s only ever been one person I’ve looked at and thought…
‘I could quite easily spend the entire rest of my life with that man’.
And sooner or later I need to accept that he’s spending it with somebody else.”

“The advice to "kill your darlings" has been attributed to various authors across the various galaxies... and Mister Heist hated them all.
Why teach young writers to edit out whatever it is they feel most passionate about?
Better to kill everything in their writing they DON'T love as much.
Until only the darlings remain.”




“Yesterday it was sun outside. The sky was blue and people were lying under blooming cherry trees in the park. It was Friday, so records were released, that people have been working on for years. Friends around me find success and level up, do fancy photo shoots and get featured on big, white, movie screens. There were parties and lovers, hand in hand, laughing perfectly loud,
but I walked numbly through the park, round and round,
40 times for 4 hours
just wanting to make it through the day.
There's a weight that inhabits my chest some times. Like a lock in my throat, making it hard to breathe. A little less air got through
and the sky was so blue I couldn’t look at it because it made me sad, swelling tears in my eyes and they dripped quietly on the floor as I got on with my day. I tried to keep my focus, ticked off the to-do list, did my chores. Packed orders, wrote emails, paid bills and rewrote stories,
but the panic kept growing, exploding in my chest. Tears falling on the desk
tick tick tick
me not making a sound
and some days I just don't know what to do. Where to go or who to see and I try to be gentle, soft and kind,
but anxiety eats you up and I just want to be fine.
This is not beautiful. This is not useful. You can not do anything with it and it tries to control you, throw you off your balance and lovely ways
but you can not let it.
I cleaned up. Took myself for a walk. Tried to keep my eyes on the sky. Stayed away from the alcohol, stayed away from the destructive tools we learn to use.
the smoking and the starving, the running, the madness,
thinking it will help but it only feeds the fire
and I don't want to hurt myself anymore.
I made it through and today I woke up, lighter and proud because I'm still here. There are flowers growing outside my window. The coffee is warm, the air is pure. In a few hours I'll be on a train on my way to sing for people who invited me to come, to sing, for them. My own songs, that I created. Me—little me. From nowhere at all.
And I have people around that I like and can laugh with, and it's spring again.
It will always be spring again.
And there will always be a new day.”

“A kiss….
….. is just a kiss….
Until it’s all you reminisce.
(Then the memory becomes your most treasured possession.)”

“What if you weren't the person I hoped you were?
That, more than anything, would have hurt the most.”



“A thing about poetry is, It takes cuts and pain to bleed words. The deeper the wound is, the more you bleed. And eventually, you will start falling in love with it. But the saddest part is, sometimes there comes a moment when you start to feel that all those wounds on your soul are not enough. And you start cutting yourself deeper, forgetting when to stop.”

“During these hard times in the world we should always remember to keep our families and friends close.”

“The spirit of the wild must pass to all of you now. You must tell each one you meet: if you would find Pan, take up Pan's spirit. Remake the wild, a little at a time, each in your own corner of the world. You cannot wait for anyone else, even a god, to do that for you.”



“Maybe that's what writers do-
Maybe they exaggerate pain just so that you feel okay about what you're feeling.”

“Beloved mother and wife. Without you, all the light is gone.”



“Once you start questioning your beliefs, that's when it's all over. It is truly doubt that kills our conviction.”

“We do crazy shit because we're broken.”



“LIFE - Death's Very Emissary”



“I never thought a little time and space would turn into miles and worlds apart”

“A person tied to the world of sorrows can return to nature for inspiration. Nature provides solace to troubled hearts.”



“A hand-rolled cigarette to smoke,
Another one bought from the store.
If he lights one, his mind's lit up
Another one burns a hole..”

“I asked myself only when he needed my help, "How will the broken heal the wounded?”

“After you hear and listen. First must come desire. Second must come willingness.
Third should come understanding.
Fourth should come progression and with progression will come more understanding..”

“from the day you left I should've seen that life wasn't all its cracked up to be”

“its impossible to forget when you try to...”

“How can they love me ,if I can't even love myself?”

“As soon as he closed the door of his room,
The sadness came out of the wall
and asked
"Where were you all the day”

“For all I see, humanity is lost. It's devastatingly sad.”

“There comes a point where you no longer care if there’s a light at the end of the tunnel or not.
You’re just sick of the tunnel.”

“You made me feel worthwhile…. like for once it mattered if I was here or not because I actually meant something to someone…. because I meant something to you. I miss that feeling.”

“It didn’t hurt me. Not “hurt”. Hurt is a four letter word. It’s short, almost cute sounding. Aawwww, did that hurt? No. It didn’t hurt. Destroyed, Obliterated, Desecrated, Annihilated, Demolished, Shattered, or Demoralised maybe… But no. It didn’t hurt me.
It didn’t “hurt” me at all.”

“She wears it so beautifully doesn’t she, her pain… Always smiling, always positive…. always happy to help… It’s like a garment perfectly tailored to fit the way she carries it… with a touch of grace… and the quietness of that sad smile….
All so you’d never know how heavy it really was.”

“Everybody wants their own little place in the world. And maybe mine is here… Loving you from a distance…”

“The one thing that we need to escape is our minds, but our minds are the one thing that we cannot escape from.”

“Once a partner has begun to lose interest, there is apparently little the other can do to arrest the process. Like seduction, withdrawal suffers under a blanket of reticence. The very breakdown of communication is hard to discuss, unless both parties have a desire to see it restored. This leaves the lover in a desperate situation. Honest dialogue seems to produce only irritation and smothers love in the attempt to revive it. Desperate to woo the partner back at any cost, the lover might at this point be tempted to turn to romantic terrorism, the product of irredeemable situations, a gamut of tricks (sulking, jealousy, guilt) that attempt to force the partner to return love, by blowing up (in fits of tears, rage or otherwise) in front of the loved one. The terroristic partner knows he cannot realistically hope to see his love reciprocated, but the futility of something is not always (in love or in politics) a sufficient argument against it. Certain things are said not because they will be heard, but because it is important to speak.”




“Everybody needs to be good-natured with a good heart, because in this way we can solve our own problems as well as those of others, and we can make our human life meaningful.”



“No one wants to occupy a black hole of sadness and despair or slip on the tight rope that separates sanity from insanity, and reside in a vortex devoid of reality. I entered the world as a freeman and desire to escape a state of existential vertigo. I yearn to discover a synthesizing spirit of my being and hold my head high, free of doubt, and devoid of fear. I wish to foment the cerebral energy to stave off premature destruction and forevermore blunt an intolerable state of anguish.”



“I'll keep looking- till that watery reflection of mine in your eye, rolls down as a tear. I'll keep looking till we finally look away like our lives never met. Let's cheat destiny as if we never knew each other. Let's do this last thing together.”

“She's hiding and no one else sees. She's dying and no one else notices.”



“We are living a fantasy life in our heads, and our real life is passing by, moment by moment.Life is only lived in moments: anything else is a fantasy, a lie, an illusion.”



“We do not recognize that we are addicted to some negative psychological habit, some terribly self-destructive patterns of thinking...”



“We create karma by all kinds of selfish actions.The first thing we must understand is that we are psychologically asleep.It is very difficult for us to be conscious of ourselves. We are not very aware. We must come to recognize that we do not pay attention.”



“Desires and Karma are the worst enemies living in the same soul together. It depends on us whom we choose and feed.”



“Self-observation is simply the observation of an internal state and an external event. It is pure awareness, which gives one the ability to choose one's actions. Only by having the choice can one perform what is right.”

“Karma is a balance sheet of life which debits and credit all your deeds.YourWhich is audited by our creator and actions are based on what we accumulated in it.”



“Karma is the balance sheet of life which debits and credit all your deeds.YourWhich is audited by our creator and actions are based on what we accumulated in it.”



“There are so many different kinds of ghosts.”



“And then I went back into my room, locked into a sequence as perfect as a pattern, and I sat down on my great rock throne, invisible to the outside world but palpable beneath me, and from how my face felt I thought maybe I was crying, either because I didn’t want to do this or because I did, it was hard to tell and anyway I never would, who would believe me in either case and who would be there to believe me in all cases, it was a puzzle, I had yet to learn the way of the jigsaw, and so I positioned the rifle beneath my chin, it feels cold, like an actual thing in the actual present physical world, OK, there it is, I am here now, and then I lay down on my belly and listened to the rising squall beyond the door.”



“The more she talked that way, the worse I felt. She highlighted my awkwardness, my lack of knowledge about the right things to say and do. I was a blundering adolescent in her eyes, and she was trying to let me down easy.”



“Esperé a sabiendas de que esto era todo. Si ella se acercaba a él, la dejaría ir. Me daría por vencido. Si Pagan lo elegía una vez más, entonces la dejaría ir.”



“I know there must be other navigable paths where either nothing happens, that night or later, or where, when the idea to just pull the curtain on most things and then on everything,
just because
crosses my mind, I let the moment pass, and I go to sleep like everyone else did on my street that night.”



“A shadow has no relatives
he is universally orphan”

“Love is like a magic trick
You know you are getting fooled, but still, you stand in line
And pay to see it again and again.”

“We lay on our backs, looking at the ceiling and wondering what God had wrought when He made life so sad. We made vague plans to meet in Frisco.”



“Era una de aquellas sonrisas excepcionales que poseían la cualidad de ser eternamente reconfortantes por sí mismas, de las que uno se encuentra sólo cuatro o cinco veces en la vida.”



“Está bien", dije, "estoy agradecida de que sea una niña. Y espero que ella sea una tonta... eso es lo mejor que puede ser una niña en este mundo, una tontita hermosa...”



“Words can hurt, but words can also inspire.”

“And to the little Squirrel who lived in the fir-tree, and was lonely, he said, 'Where is my mother?' And the Squirrel answered, 'Thou hast slain mine. Dost thou seek to slay thine also?”



“Deep down, I think everybody wants to be ‘the one’ to someone. I don’t know if I’ve ever been that person to anyone else – but I do know you are that person to me. You are the one. The only one. And you always will be.”

“You loved him enough to let him leave… Now you need to love yourself enough to let him go.”

“Today is just another day of trying to get by without you.”

“I look up, and Jackson's eyes find mine. For a second, it almost feels like we're about to race into the hole to join you. Being buried alive has got to be better than whatever comes next.”




“I had seen the few things I cared about forget me seamlessly. I had seen the life I never really fit into heal up around my absence like a wound scabbed over.”



“Love can be a poison.”

“We want to be special
for being important.
But, sometimes...
We become important
for being special.”

“God put you on earth with a divine assignment- something prepared in advance for you to do. I've found that the things that make us sad, the things that make us righteously angry, or the things we care about that others don't are often a key that unlocks our reason for living. It's our burden.”



“My lord was never sane, but he was my love, once. He always will be, somewhere. Wherever it is that the once upon a times go when they die.”



“The machines of this place are failing, and the woman and I are here all alone. The perpetual motion engine, as brilliant and beautiful as it is, is running down—nothing lasts forever. But before this little world falls out of the sky there still might be time enough for redemption. There is still time for me to say the words that I should have had the courage to say at the beginning.
There is still time, perhaps, for one more miracle.
Hello, Miranda.”



“Every person has his secret; in reverie, unbeknown to others, he finds peace, freedom, sorrow and love.”



“I was recently inside a hospital that had gone wireless and it was a forest of microwave antennas! It is sad that the medical profession is in the process of becoming expert on microwave radiation sickness due to willfully inducing it into their own staff!”

“I gulped and remained silent, a tear streamed down my face as I looked away, hoping she didn’t notice.”



“Clem rubbed at her face with her cuff and gave a quick, rueful smile. 'It's just so sad. It's the umpteenth time I've read it, and I will always think it will have a different ending. But it never does.”

“And as Sean climbs into bed and closes his eyes, Mother comes, riding astride a lion the size of a house, blowing a clarion from a horn made out of a hollowed-out elephant's tusk. Her eyes have a faint crimson glow from the lasers that are mounted behind her irises, ready to fire at will.
'I touched a prince's chest today and made his heart stop,' she says. 'I'll do it again if I have to: they'll see what happens if anyone gets in my way. Good night, my son. Remember that I will always keep you safe; that I am always everywhere and always here.'
'Good night, Mom,' Sean says, and falls asleep.
And Mother recedes, wise and beautiful and strong, a genius and a hero, a punisher of thieves and a slayer of wicked men, to watch over her son in all her different versions.”



“Lorraine once told me, smile big when you’re sad. Smile big when you’re happy. Smile big when you’re bored. Because regardless how you feel, your face could use a stretch.”



“Sadly a pinch of happiness is not sold in markets.”

“Ik naderde de rand.
Bleef er een meter vandaan staan.
Voor ik het aandurfde.
Het was ver naar beneden.
Ver genoeg.
Mijn ogen zochten tussen grijs en groen.
Stenen en struiken.
Tot ik een witte stip vond.
Dat was hij.
Ians witte achterhoofd.
Dat besloot ik.
Ik hou van jou.
Dat zei ik.”



“But space shrinks when you get old, and things lose their wonder, and the wisest thing to do then is to try your best to sleep.”



“When one makes you happy, the other makes you worried. Its just a balancing phenomena. So be the same person what ever the situation you are in.”



“Love wins when reflections win over reflexes.”



“In the end, you will realize most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly.”



“Pensou que nunca ia fazer amizade com meninos, que eles falavam demais, pensavam alto demais, pisavam com força demais. Punham, sem o menor cuidado, a mão pesada em todas as partes machucadas e doloridas.”



“Are you sad, sing?”

“If you sing a song, you never be sad.”

“The 2ams have held my hopes all these years as I calm my nerves down for there would only be three more hours for the world to wake up to my screams and wails of excruciating pain.
Probably the drug store would open if I wait for three more hours then.
8am and the doc would prescribe me a few medicines over whatsapp.
I would make three cups of tea by then. I would quiet my mouth as it would bite on my arm.
By twelve I would finally be relieved as the meds would work.
But it's only midnight now... wish you another goodnight's sleep....”

“you have everything. still ,you have nothing . sad .”

“Further to this, Ove has the cat's resentful stares to contend with. Something in its eyes reminds him of the way Sonja used to look at him.”

“She felt sad, but she hadn't cried all day. She thought that crying would actually be a good thing right now. It seemed normal to react. Whoever Martin had been, he had probably been a normal person. He was probably having a normal reaction right now, and she had caused it. She felt bad for confusing him. She thought it might be fair to cry for him. But it wasn’t until she thought of the mother cows in the pasture the day after the weaning, wandering around singly in the naked sunshine, still trying to call out in their hoarse, broken voices for the young ones that were still missing, that she was finally able to make herself cry—a little bit for all of the calves, but mostly for herself.”



“I love your loins, that's all,' Rachel says quietly. 'And now I love the word itself, and how words change, I love that too. And all the parts of you, I love them. That's all. And I'm not sad,' she whispers, gasping a little at the shock of her own tears, hot and extravagant, tears that catch the light in her lashes before they drop and roll across Zach's thighs, sparkling capsules, kaleidoscopic, the flow dynamic.”



“A sad tale's best for winter: I have one of sprites and goblins.”




“I've never been the most important person to anybody - not even myself.”

“Forgiveness is a transformative act because it asks you to be a more empathetic and compassionate person, thereby making you better than the person you were when you were first hurt.”

“The dead still come to me every now and then. But the lulls between are getting smaller. They are finding me somehow. I tell them why they can’t move on. I listen to their lives and talk to them if they need it. I still draw their portraits in my sketchbook, with their stories. I put Mary Summer in there too. Someone should remember.”



“But that's the difference between people and stars. A star's light still shines even if there's no one to see it, but without someone to remember Jesse, his light will disappear.”



“No sound, once made, is ever truly lost. In electric clouds, all are safely trapped, and with a touch, if we find them, we can recapture those echoes of sad, forgotten wars, long summers, and sweet autumns.”



“They make me...they make me think of being stuck somewhere? I don't know, like weighted down, but then these patches...”



“Why wait to forgive and let go only after you have sufficiently wallowed in your despair? Why not forgive and let go now?”

“When sadness knows the reason of tears, heart prepares to carry the ache for years”

“The thing with breaking up is they leave, but the memories stay.”

“Don’t break my heart. Crush it. Destroy it. Let me wallow it until I feel hollow in it. I’ll bash in the pain. I’ll scream your name and then one day I suddenly won’t.”

“Saul had gained his six-foot frame at sixteen, but his muscles didn’t arrive until his early twenties. Between those lost years, he was a gangly, uncoordinated klutz. He was told that he could improve his dancing by watching himself in the mirror. He tried. What he saw was so repulsive that he resolved never to inflict himself on a dance partner.
These days, Saul hid those memories behind weight lifting and jogging. His new athletic physique hid his aimless decade as an outsider, an odd and lonely kid--as he remembered it.”

“Maybe I should stop while I'm ahead
Nay, I swim with sea-demons
no sweet summer tuned radio
over my sunless desertscape
how does it burn without the sun?”

“To me, I see scars of courage. Inflicting them gave him the strength to survive the pain that's plagued him all his life. I'm grateful to every one of them because he's still here, with me.”



“...and when we die
we die alone
I cry, I cry alone
Like a piece of stone
I am thrown
into the wavy ocean of life
to atone...to atone
Only to atone...”

“In a corner you condense yourself and cry- in the same corner you caress and kiss. Life is this, something different each time.”

“Boo and I walked up the steps to the porch. His fingers found the doorknob. He gently released my hand, opened the door, enter inside, and shut the door behind him. I never saw him again.”



“It doesn’t matter whether you are looking for a reason to be happy or sad, you will always find it.”

“I'm not afraid to die
no today . . . maybe tomorrow.
But I'll not die
no today . . . maybe tomorrow.
Tomorrow I will go away
from this life that I've just borrowed!”

“We don't act like that because we are in good humor; we are in a good humor because otherwise we should go to pieces.”



“I've lived a life of unfinished things.”

“His mind was constantly thinking about her, while he decided to recite a poem that he had written for her long ago. While he narrated, the words conjured memories like ghosts into the room.”



“In Moonlight
No
Soft sweet paw on my cheek
No
Fur curled under my chin
Just
A sad space left behind -
Gray cat gone away.
[Ellie's poem]”



“The train brings out some of the best and the worst memories of my life. I like to watch the train. It makes me sad but gives hope as well. It connects me to my family, which I abandoned many years ago. I fled away from my family and home by a train only.”

“RSL has more star-liners than any other company, and covers every commercial route in known space. Demeter is one of the biggest, carrying up to 4500 passengers and crew at any single point on its never-ending, circular cruise around the Terran Empire. And me? Where do I fit in? My name is Sean Lange, and you will probably have never heard of me. It’s sad somehow, I always wanted to leave some kind of a legacy in this life, and perhaps to be remembered. Instead, circumstances have arranged it so that this is probably the last time I will ever use that name.”



“life as a life,
from the pain we laughed.. and from the joy we cried.. but supposedly i'm supposed to be grateful but I don't think I'll be to happy whatever im not sad.. my other side told me that the government is putting hallucinogens in our water and torturing us under the guise of healthcare.. if u thought right, wonder if u are the first prisoner to go through the presidential rendition and torture program and they seem to think u'll be some hero or something for going through it.. but in reality u are just a fucking slave that's being abused. thanks”

“Mountains in the distance remind me of you.”

“The thing about the human race is, It turns up against everything or everyone that it loses its faith and belief on. And the saddest thing to witness is, Most of it have lost its faith towards humanity.”

“I guess somethings turned out too sad even to be explained with a bases-loaded strikeout.”



“In Moonlight
No
Soft sweet paw on my cheek
No
Fur curled under my chin
Just
A sad space left behind -
Gray cat gone away.
[Ellie's poem]”



“That beautiful day passed just as the saddest ones do, since the most radiant of days has a tomorrow.”




“I was so happy … before.’
‘I find that happiness can always be recollected in tranquillity, Ma’am,’ said Melbourne.
Victoria put her hands down and looked up at him, her pale blue eyes searching his face. ‘You were happy too?’
When Melbourne spoke, it was in the voice not of the urbane Prime Minister, but of a man of advancing years who is facing the loss of the only thing that is still capable of bringing him joy. ‘You know I was, Ma’am.”



“I PAINT MY FACE.
By Omrane Khuder.
Mirror, distorted; I sit, paint my Face,
Toxic white Make-up buries my Scars,
My Eyes tell lies; Dumbfounded Confidence hides the Disgrace.
Place the tragic Vehicle called My Life in to Drive,
Sad pathetic Clown; Late for the suppression show,
Despair another time; Let the chuckles and defeat derive.
I paint my Heart; I hide my True.
I paint my Soul; I keep it from You.
I paint, I cannot accept; To ignore you the way you ignore Me?
I paint my scarred and pitiful Face; No Will left to restore Me.
I paint my Face; it’s all I know to do.
My painted Face shatters the Mirror, yet still all I see is You.”

“And I realize, so suddenly that it hurts, just how empty a creature can be, while still filled to the brim with drowning agony.”



“I wanted to see her sad. Taste her tears. I wanted to know what she sounded like when she cried. In pain, in pleasure, in both.”



“How easily such a thing can become a mania, how the most normal and sensible of women once this passion to be thin is upon them, can lose completely their sense of balance and proportion and spend years dealing with this madness.”



“Out on the lawn, Bunny had just knocked Henry's ball about seventy feet outside the court. There was a ragged burst of laughter; faint, but clear, it floated back across the evening air. That laughter haunts me still.”



“Ghost towns filled with sad people who settled for what life offered them. The road unfurls before us. Everything is possible. I feel sick to my stomach.”

“I always thought I wasn't afraid to die. No... no one is afraid of death itself. Your pain and suffering is over in an instant. What really makes me suffer... Is seeing you crying over me... From the darkness of the Milky Way.
I'm sorry... Please don't make that face. You look best shdn you're smiling, you know.”



“The black clouds and the white clouds,
Black means rain
White means no rain
Today it was different,
It rained despite of white clouds.
And nobody got wet.”

“Life is a lie. We should fear it more than death. We live fearful of dying, terrified of the unknown … when, really, every truth is in our last breath.”



“For a while she cried silently until she tired herself out and the overwhelming feeling of sleepiness overcame her. The room around her was fairly silent, although she wasn’t the only one crying herself to sleep. It was quite common at places like this to hear cries in the dark. There were so many saddened and lonesome souls around her. It was usually at night when they were reminded of just how sad and lonely they actually were.”



“Funny thing about the monster.
The worse he treats you, the more you love him.”



“My brain refused to move past the pain, as if it had been filled to the max and needed to be emptied.”



“I tried to fight the panic and force it back down to where it had come from.”

“I thought doctors were supposed to make you better not worse!”



“I didn't feel very lucky. Why me, I kept asking myself. Why had this happened to me?”



“I wished that I had died, it would have been better for everyone”



“The love song I wrote that day... I got embarrassed and never sang it for her.
Oh yeah... I'll sing it to her when I go home.
I'll go home.
I'll hurry home.”



“The locals died and shrivelled with the autumnal leaves as their plastic, seasonal smiles faded with the last of the holidaymakers.”

“there's always been a little sadness inside my happiness.
i've never been able to separate the two.”



“If you are happy with your present time, you will look at your past with happy eyes even if you have had a sad past!”

“I was trying to work out who I was.”



“I was extremely worried. What would happen to me now that they knew that I had lost my mind? Would they put me in a padded cell and feed me through a hatch door? Would I end up in one of those places that you hear about, where people go in but never come out?”



“I would need an awful lot of willpower to fight my way through the ups and downs of the road to recovery, and there might be times when I may feel a bit down and depressed, but there would be counsellors that I could talk to about how I was feeling.”



“I dreamt of paradise for long,
Kept my patience intact,
But when sourness hit the bong,
I couldn't bear the fact.
The sky has its limit,
So do I,
Hold back and sit,
It's always been a bye.
The touch of reality,
Never touched you,
It's been my fantasy,
Waiting in the queue.
Differences are many,
Likenesses are few,
Something so uncanny,
Always existed in my hue.
Deep into the vault,
I will bury,
This everlasting cult,
Not in hurry,Not in fury.”

“A fearful sob suddenly rises in my throat as I think of what it will be like without her, to not have her warm chest to lie against, to not have her kind face to look into, lost in a darkness without a mother to turn to and her here, daughterless.”



“I remember the stink of corruption. It had a kind of sweetness to it, a sweetness that'd make you want to hurl.”

“But Phoebe loved her mother best as she was now, wistful, out-of-step, her laugh tinged always with sadness, as if things were only funny in spite of themselves.”



“There are people in the world that believe in God and those who don't. I wonder how the ones without God can live.”

“The actuality that the heart does not want to feel, doesn't negate the certitude that it once felt and will still feel.”




“If his surroundings could have reflected the feelings inside him, the pictures would have been screaming in pain.”



“I’m not weeping, I’m not complaining,
Happiness is not for me.”



“There are many sadnesses in the hearts of men who are far away from their countries.”



“That long sigh again, above us. This time I saw it, moving through the branches. Like the trees were listening; like they would've been sad about us, sad for us, only they'd heard it all so many thousand times before.”



“Loving you was easy. Hating you was hard. Falling out was insane.”

“From personal experience, I know for sure that the number one thing that saddens the dead more than our grief — is not being conscious of their existence around us. They do want you to talk to them as if they were still in a physical body. They do want you to play their favorite music, keep their pictures out, and continue living as if they never went away. However, time and "corruption" have blurred the lines between the living and the dead, between man and Nature, and between the physical and the etheric. There was a time when man could communicate with animals, plants, the ether, and the dead. To do so requires one to access higher levels of consciousness, and this knowledge has been hidden from us. Why? Because then the plants would tell us how to cure ourselves. The animals would show us their feelings, and the dead would tell us that good acts do matter. In all, we would come to know that we are all one. And most importantly, we would be alerted of threats and opportunities, good and evil, truth vs. fiction. We would have eyes working for humanity from every angle, and this threatens "the corrupt". Secret societies exist to hide these truths, and to make sure lies are preserved from generation to generation.”



“​
Sebastian: By your patience, no. My stars shine darkly over me; the malignancy of my fate might, perhaps, distemper yours; therefore I shall carve of you your leave that I may bear my evils alone. It were a bad recompense for your love to lay any of them on you.”

“Loving him made me never want to love another human being.”

“
the path your life is stuck on and be free
It's a dark whisper calling to me.
But I'm not brave enough to listen. I'm old enough to know I don't have any special talents. So no matter how depressing... I have to suck it up... And live the life I have.”



“The lines of her face, turned up to the sky, would have broken your heart.”



“Einer von denen, die nach Hause kommen und die dann doch nicht nach Hause kommen, weil für sie kein Zuhause mehr da ist.”



“When the heart gets hurt,
It always rains.”

“I'm lonely,
Yes! I'm so lonely.
I'm Just a sad tear that came out of the depths of pain.
I have neither friend nor a lover.
I live in an empty dark shell.
Punctuated by the lights of my dreams.
I hear a whisper. I hear an echo.
Why everything I love in this world.
It's expensive, or it makes me sad.
Beyond my shell, there is an empty world.
A world filled with hatred and lies.
A world filled with vanity and treason.
A world filled with injustice and selfishness.
There is a noise in my silence, but I shout quietly.
So as to your pure heart can hear me.
I tried to escape from my bitter reality.
A reality that walks against my dreams.
I found out that sleep is my best shelter.
Because life is easy when eyes are closed.
So I give up my eyes, and went to sleep.
Then suddenly!
I felt a call, something tried to wake me up.
I felt whispers caressing my soul.
That together we stand, divided we fall.
That you are the king of my thrown,
And only beside you, I feel like I have everything.
I love you my shell, my home.”



“Stop chasing society’s definition of success and chase your own definition of success. Success is an emotion that is experienced when you are completely fulfilled and content with where you are in life; it has nothing to do with a specific job, a specific amount of money in your bank account, or the quality of material possessions you acquire. You can be the richest man in the world, but still, feel unsuccessful, and you can be the poorest man in the world, but still, feel extremely successful.”

“She leaned against the stone wall of the narrow landing, a hand on her thundering heart. It was the smart thing to do, the right thing to do. She had survived this long, and would only survive the road ahead if she continued to be unnoticed, reliable, quiet.
But she did't want to be unnoticed—not with him, not forever.
He made her want to laugh and sing and shake the world with her voice.”



“Happiness is the most magical thing in this world the amount of which remains the same, even after distributing it amongst innumerable unhappy people.”

“Hi, I'm Day.
Hi, I'm June.”



“Sticks and stones may break my bones but your words were always the hardest.”

“Do you ever wonder whether people would like you more or less if they could see inside you? I mean, I've always felt like the Katherines dump me right when they start to see what I look like from the inside.”



“I would choose to live a century in a dark room instead of hanging out with fake friends.”

“We are sometimes depressed by our failure to convince people who strongly believe that we are that we are definitely not depressed.”

“The things they say!
A truck driver would blush.
I would never talk that way
to Trevor he walks on water.
I want him to think I do too.
For a while, he did, or at least
he pretended to.
I did things with Trevor
I wouldn't dare to confess
to anyone—things I didn't
know anyone did.
But he wanted me to,
so I did. That's what you do
when you love someone,
right?”



“God knows what is in my heart,
In my life still i don't have the people whom i want.”

“I know you worry that you experience the world differently than regular people. But.. No two people ever view the world from exactly the same perspective, understand things the same way, human or not. The best... The best... The best we can ever do is try.”



“It is my last night here, and I suddenly feel quite tearful, sitting up in my usual window.”



“Because we had known the good times, I think my brother and I felt the loss more acutely. My father's waning presence, his chronic absence, his disappearance. Now he was just a memory.”



“People feeling the need to live inside of Faraday cages is a sad reflection on modern society that humans are devolving into living inside of safe spaces.”

“রঙ তুলির পল্লী"
কাল রাতে আঁকার খাতার সাথে রঙ তুলি নিয়ে ছবি আঁকতে বসেছিলাম
অকস্মাৎ মনে হলো তবে আঁকি আমার হারিয়ে যাওয়া সেই পল্লীগ্রাম,
তবে মনে পড়ার সাথে সাথে হৃদয়ে অনুভব করলাম প্রবীণ কিছু ব্যথা
মনে পড়ে গেল আমার ছোট বোন-টার হারিয়ে যাওয়ার কথা,
কি সুখেই না ছিলাম আমরা, কতো আনন্দই না হতো
বোনকে সব সময় রাগাতাম তবুও ও আমাকে খুব ভালোবাসতো,
আমার নিজের আপনজন বলতে ছিলো শুধু বোন
তাই ওর সাথেই মেতে থাকতাম সারাক্ষন,
হঠাৎ একদিন শহর থেকে চিঠি এলো
নৃপতি বাবুর জরুরী এক তলব ছিলো,
যখনই আমি কোন কাজে শহরে যেতাম
বোনের জন্য কিছু না কিছু ঠিক কিনে আনতাম,
তবে সেবার বোন সেধেই বলেছিলো, দাদা তুই যখন শহর থেকে ফিরবি
আমার জন্য একটা হলুদ শাড়ি কিনে আনবি?
আমি শহর থেকে ফেরার পথে ওর মনের মতো একটা হলুদ শাড়ি কিনে এনেছিলাম
কিন্তু বাড়ি ফিরে ওর ধর্ষণ শরীরটা উঠানে পড়ে আছে দেখলাম,
আমি কান্নায় ভেঙ্গে পড়ে চিৎকার করে বললাম, কেউ তো কিছু বলো
কি করে ওর এই অবস্থা হলো,
কে ওর এই সর্বনাশ করলো।
পাশের বাড়ির সলিল কাকু আমায় সান্ত্বনা দিয়ে বললো,
আমার বোনকে নাকি দুদিন আগে ধানক্ষেতে কারা ধর্ষণ করেছে
সেই তীব্র লজ্জা, সম্মানহানী ও সহ্য না করতে পেরে গলায় দড়ি দিয়েছে,
এসব শুনে আমার আকাশটা মনে হলো কেমন যানো আঁধারে ছেয়ে গেলো
মনে হলো আমার সাজানো বাগান থেকে আমার পছন্দের ফুলটা কে যানো ছিড়ে নিয়ে গেলো,
ঘটনার কথা পুলিশ জানার পর দোষিদের তিন মাস ধরে খোঁজ করে
এবং অবশেষে তারা ধরাও পরে,
তবে আমাদের দেশের আইন অনুযায়ি দোষিরা এখন আরামেই আছে
তবে আমার বোন কিন্তু আর নেই আমার কাছে,
এইসব ঘটনা হওয়ার পর আমি গ্রাম ছেড়ে শহরে চলে আসি
সব দুঃখকে ভুলে চেষ্টা করি থাকতে হাসি-খুশি,
তবে আজও রাখীপূর্ণিমার দিন এলে মনে হয় গাঁয়ের ঘরে আমার বোন হয়তো আমার অপেক্ষা করছে,
আজও সেই হলুদ শাড়িটার দিকে তাকালে মনে হয় বোন হয়তো আমার পাশেই আছে,
এইসব কথা মনে করে কাল রাতে আর পল্লীগ্রামের ছবি আঁকা হয়ে ওঠেনি
কি করেই বা আঁকবো, ভাবি সব ভুলে যাবো তবে সেই ঘটনা আজও ভুলতে পারিনি।”

“Mi coprii la faccia con la
mano e piansi le lacrime più cocenti che avessi mai versato. Le sentii serpeggiare tra le dita e giù per il mento, e scottarmi, e mi si chiuse il naso, e non riuscivo a smettere, e poi lei mi toccò il polso.
«Se mi tocchi muoio» dissi. «Sei sicura che non verrai con me? Non c'è speranza che tu venga? Dimmi soltanto questo».
«No» rispose. «No, caro, no».
Non mi aveva mai chiamato caro.”



“We are sometimes dragged into a pit of unhappiness by someone else’s opinion that we do not look happy.”

“Everything she heard, everything she saw seemed to be in disagreement with her own manner of understanding and feeling. To her, the sun did not appear red enough, the nights pale enough, the skies deep enough. Her fleeting conception of things and beings condemned her fatally to a perversion of her senses, to vagaries of the spirit and left her nothing but the torment of an unachieved longing, the torture of unfulfilled desires.”




“The past does not define me, it ignites me. The past is not a piece of me, it has placed me”

“Life is like a piano. White keys are happy moments and the black ones are sad moments. Both keys are played together to give us the sweet music called Life.”



“Just as the desperate, terminally ill cancer patient often turns to expensive placebos for an imaginary chance at more life, the desperate, terminally alive sad people turn to expensive placebos for a chance to imagine a decent life.”



“To everyone who kept staring at the horizon, it always seemed like the earth and sky met and kissed each other, the very thought of that seemed to make every single thing in the universe beautiful. But only the sky and earth knew the distance between them, only they knew the fact that they could never be together.”

“You're back where you swore yourself you wouldn't be
The familiar shackles you can't tell from your own skin
Your head's under water when you learned to swim
On a road to hell, congratulations, you're free...”

“I loved him, you know,' she said. 'I would have loved him as hard as he'd let me, for the rest of my life.”



“This was a different kind of a kiss, not one that leads to something, but a hard, painful one.
It was a goodbye kiss.”



“It's sad to see just how many people are lonely together.”

“I want to drag knives over my skin, just so that I can feel something other than shame, but I'm not even brave enough to do that.”



“Carmen: “I want you to leave me alone, but not ignore me. I want you to miss me when I go away to college, but not be sad. I want you to stay exactly the same, but not be lonely or alone. I want to do the leaving, and not have you ever leave me.”



“I've heard you say so many a time
That I know just the right words to say, just the right lines to rhyme...
Today it's been 7 years since we last met
I have learnt to say just the wrong words, just the lines you hate....”



“No, everybody's gotta learn, nobody's born knowin'. That Walter's as smart as he can be, he just gets held back sometimes because he has to stay out and help his daddy. Nothin's wrong with him. Naw, Jem, I think there's just one kind of folks. Folks."
....
"That's what I thought too," he said at last, "when I was your age. If there's just one kind of folks, why can't they get along with each other? If they're all alike, why do they go out of their way to despise each other? Scout, I think I'm beginning to understand why Boo Radley's stayed shut up in the house all this time . . . it's because he wants to stay inside.”



“You write poems with your fingertips
And I keep listening to the songs written on my skin
By some distant dream, similar words
But the verses never meet...”



“Sometimes, when I am sad,
I am not sad for myself.
I am sad for the world,
I am sad to see where we are going.
I am sad to see how we can
smile by making someone else sad.
I am sad to see how we have
killed our conscience and keep
toying with emotions
I am sad to see how people
are confusing selfishness
with self love.
I am sad to see how we have come to
a stage where we trust strangers
more than friends.
Let's fix this, Let's open our hearts
Let's listen to them, let's do our bit.”

“It seems so simple now, but it took me a long time to figure out that happiness is experienced when we finally give ourselves permission to let go of the things that make us sad.”

“No one really wants you, they only want the idea of you.”

“She rose too, not as if to meet him or to flee from him, but quietly, as though the worst of the task were done and she had only to wait; so quietly that, as he came close, her outstretched hands acted not as a check but as a guide to him.”



“I wish I had a hundred years," she said, very quietly. "A hundred years I could give to you.”



“It is this, not the spirits, that frightens us; shall we never be free, even after we die?”



“Have you ever lost someone close to you? Someone who is at the core of your universe, the hero of all your stories...when that happens, it isn’t just the loss of one life, it’s the loss of two lives - one who found another world, perhaps...and one who is left behind.”



“All I have is me, myself and I and we are all getting really tired of each other.”

“I'm not about love, but in this moment, I wish that I were.”



“When you love someone, you become immune to the hurt they cause you. You don’t love hoping to get something in return, you love because you have to. In its extreme form, it is a need to give, not a need to get.”



“Life is like a mirror.
Cry and you see a crying face,
Frown and you see a Sad Face !
Smile and it smiles back at you !”

“He thought to himself, I’ll never be this perfect again, an idea that made him sad.”



“There is now a distance,
pressing quite persistent,
May be only inches apart,
but as if an artery is blocked.
There now seem some secrets,
a word which was earlier so needless.
May be they now laugh so less,
and even in summers,
the air between them feels dense.
Who connects? Who neglects?
Barely matters when you are no more friends.”

“Everyone has scars, they just aren’t as visible as yours.”



“Gwen didn't have to ask about the Fall. It happened to all old people, the Fall. They fell and then everything changed[...]They fell and never quite got up again.”



“People are not rain or snow or autumn leaves; they do not look beautiful when they fall.”

“And I didn't think even eternity would be long enough to fix me.”




“Alone in my bedroom, I realized I couldn't remember the last time I'd truly laughed.”



“This empty shell holds nothing but the echoes of what was.”



“She said once that time is nothing to me but a series of bookmarks that I use to jump back and forth through the text of my life, returning again and again to the events that mark me in the eyes of my more astute colleagues, as bearing all the characteristics of the classic melancholic.”



“I have died at the ripe age of twenty.
Smile, for the world didn't get a chance to disappoint me.
I have died at the mature age of ninety.
Smile, for my life was more than satisfying.
I have died suddenly—out of the blue.
Smile, for I didn't have to fall ill before you.
I have died from a long illness.
Smile, for I had the chance to say goodbye.
I did not want to leave this Earth.
But smile, for I am still here among you.
Why are you crying?
Can you not see I am smiling?”

“Memories of the past are what drive us, whether to a life of beauty or a life of insanity is up to us.”



“Approaching the Start of Civil Exams
Perhaps I was once a young Chinese scholar
approaching the start of civil exams,
my mind grown weary and sad from seclusion
with books on syntax and poetic style.
All that I knew were the mist-covered mountains
and sweet white blossoms of mountain apples
that grew in the valleys of my province.
But I had been gone over six years
busy with studies in the Heavenly City
empty and thin despite my work.
I showed my verses to an older poet
who told me a truth I longed to believe:
all knowledge is futile and barren
which does not open the love of your friends.”

“I am
Broken single mother
Disconnected lover
Slow motion dresser
Dark secret confessor
White flag trend
Professional dead end”



“Strong people don't put others down. They lift them up and slam them on the ground for maximum damage.”



“In the end all the puzzles of your life will be solved ,until then... laugh at the scepticism, live for the moment and remember everything happens for a reason.”



“Not for everyone a darkest night is bid farewell by a bright sunrise.”

“Teddy wondered, and not for the first time, not by a long shot, if this was the day that missing her would finally be too much for him.”



“Those who live in retirement, whose lives have fallen amid the seclusion of schools or of other walled-in and guarded dwellings, are liable to be suddenly and for a long while dropped out of the memory of their friends, the denizens of a freer world. Unaccountably, perhaps, and close upon some space of unusually frequent intercourse—some congeries of rather exciting little circumstances, whose natural sequel would rather seem to be the quickening than the suspension of communication—there falls a stilly pause, a wordless silence, a long blank of oblivion. Unbroken always is this blank; alike entire and unexplained. The letter, the message once frequent, are cut off; the visit, formerly periodical, ceases to occur; the book, paper, or other token that indicated remembrance, comes no more.
Always there are excellent reasons for these lapses, if the hermit but knew them. Though he is stagnant in his cell, his connections without are whirling in the very vortex of life. That void interval which passes for him so slowly that the very clocks seem at a stand, and the wingless hours plod by in the likeness of tired tramps prone to rest at milestones—that same interval, perhaps, teems with events, and pants with hurry for his friends.
The hermit—if he be a sensible hermit—will swallow his own thoughts, and lock up his own emotions during these weeks of inward winter. He will know that Destiny designed him to imitate, on occasion, the dormouse, and he will be conformable: make a tidy ball of himself, creep into a hole of life's wall, and submit decently to the drift which blows in and soon blocks him up, preserving him in ice for the season.
Let him say, "It is quite right: it ought to be so, since so it is." And, perhaps, one day his snow-sepulchre will open, spring's softness will return, the sun and south-wind will reach him; the budding of hedges, and carolling of birds and singing of liberated streams will call him to kindly resurrection. Perhaps this may be the case, perhaps not: the frost may get into his heart and never thaw more; when spring comes, a crow or a pie may pick out of the wall only his dormouse-bones. Well, even in that case, all will be right: it is to be supposed he knew from the first he was mortal, and must one day go the way of all flesh, As well soon as syne.”

“Every interaction is an opportunity to learn, Only if we are interested in improving rather than proving.”



“Some of the people we feel sorry for feel sorry for us for thinking that they are the ones who should be felt sorry for.”

“It's sad when you realize that people you've loved (whether friends, family, or loved ones) are going down paths you know you can't take. It's especially sad when you realize that it's because you don't want to take it, because you two are too different. It's sad when people who used to energize you with their presence, now only drain you with their mere words.”

“You know, when you're young, you have moments of such happiness, you think you're living in someplace magical, like Atlantis must have been. Then we grow up, and our hearts break in two."
Ted Brautigan, Hearts in Atlantis”

“When you're little you believe whatever your mother tells you, so I assumed it must be true, that I must be inferior to the others in some way.”



“I guess to their wide, innocent eyes it all seemed like normal family life because they had never known any different. In fact, I was the only one who had lived with anyone else, the only one that realized that life didn't have to be this terrifying and this painful all the time”



“It's sad that we get attached to the way certain people abuse us. It took me a long time and a lot of heartache to realize that it's okay to miss someone, but not want them back.”

“I gave him my heart without thinking how it would feel if he returned it.”

“Don't fall for the ones who say, I am always yours. They are liars, unfortunately humans too”

“Don"t gaze too hard at your belly button
Or you will unexpectedly hit rock bottom!”



“Before marriage she thought hserself in love; but the happiness that should have followed this love not having come, she must, she thought, have been mistaken. And Emma tried to find out what one meant exactly in life by the words felicity, passion, rapture, that had seemed to her so beautiful in books.”



“A sad, plangent music. In the British camp, Sharpe thought, they would be singing, but no one was singing here.”



“Never underestimate love, as you need estimate to underestimate.”

“Love is always fake gradually it disappears”

“بعض الأمنيات تفقد بريقها إن جاءت بنفسها إليك.”



“How do you pay for what you've done?”

“He had never done it before, and so he had no real understanding of how slow, and sad, and difficult it was to end a friendship.”




“What if you are just destined to get hurt, to be helplessly stuck in a point of time you no longer want to be?
Maybe life is all about trying to get up while you fall a little bit deeper in the pits of hell, each time you try not to...”

“I've never felt stronger than when I was packing up my room at Richard's place. [...] I've also never felt sadder. Sad but strong. You can be both. And I am.”



“I didn't know if I was unhappy. I felt too miserable to be unhappy.”



“Life's too short to wake up in the morning with regrets, So ... Love the people who treat you right and pray for the ones who don't. Life is 10% what you make it 90% how you take it.”



“The two of us in that room. No past, no future. All intense deep that-time-only. A feeling that everything must end, the music, ourselves, the moon, everything. That if you get to the heart of things you find sadness for ever and ever, everywhere; but a beautiful silver sadness, like a Christ face.”



“The sad part is you love her..... and she didn't love you back.”

“They would never have demanded he be like them; they hardly wanted to be themselves.”



“Life is about the moments you create, that you can keep it with you FOREVER. After everything is over,That is what we have or what we are left with.”



“The most beautiful things often stand alone.”



“I keep breaking things, as if to see what's going on inside of me.”



“I'm not going to lie to you and say it gets easier, because it doesn't. It's just that you get used to it. The human animal has an amazing capacity to get used to almost anything.”



“From what I could see, men or women, children or adults, young or aged, rich or poor, war was making everyone equal.”

“I clamped down on the sick, hurt feeling inside that threatened to make me burst into tears. My eyes dried instantly. I was good at hiding tears. I should be; I'd had three years to get good at it.”



“If someone talks bad about us, we feel bad. If someone talks good about us we feel good. The question is ,Have we given our remote to others for the way we feel?
Live your life in your way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”



“Life is about the moments you create,that you can keep with you forever.After everything is over,That is what we have or what we are left with.”



“A person with good heart is always happy. However its a myth because most of the time his heart is full of wounds as it except only good thing from others still he love the people who treat it right & pray for the ones who don't”



“Love is what makes two people sit in the middle of a bench when there is plenty of room at both ends. Love means nothing in tennis,But it's everything in life”



“Life is a university, you will keep learning new things all the time. The tombstone will be your degree.Make sure it's worth a fortune for those who admire you.”



“When you get abandoned by someone, that's the moment when you've truly lost faith in them.”



“When you're feeling down...
Smile
Stand tall, shoulder back
Compliment someone
Help someone in a big or small way
Listen to music
Clean your space
Plan your day
Do what your brain tells you can’t or shouldn’t
Pray (or meditate) with a focus on gratitude
Breathe”



“The way I see it, he's all we have left of
her.”



“One last song. One last turn. One last street. no matter how hard you try to keep hold of a day, it's going to leave you”



“For a happy life,it's best we should ignore &overlook things,people,incidents,affairs & matters.It is not necessary that we show a reaction to everything. Step back & ask yourself if the matter is really worth responding to.”



“Mr.Holmes is another sad work unfortunately.”

“The problem with life—with a lot of things—was randomness was responsible for so many things.”



“I hear you're quite the writer. Quite the teacher's pet."
"I... I don't know what you mean."
"No? Then maybe you're in for a surprise. And maybe it won't be a nice one."
Kate heard her voice lashing out, braver than she felt.
"I don't know what you're talking about. But nothing that pertains to me is any of your business.'
The match hissed again. She saw his black, black eyes flickering.
"You're right. How inconsiderate of me."
Shaken, Kate willed her feet to move her forward.
"You should be more careful," Pearce said. "Anyone could find your key. Anyone could get into your cabin."
Kate whirled to face him. "I have a roommate. I'm not alone."
"A roommate?" And he sounded like he was smiling... a dark strange smile as if she'd said something particularly funny. "If someone wanted to get you," Pearce said slowly, and another match went out, "a roommate wouldn't stop them. They'd just get you. Wouldn't they?”



“We came to the street light in the corner, and I wondered how many times Dill stood there hugging the fat pole, watching, waiting, hoping. I wondered how many times Jem and I had made this journey, but I entered the Radley front gate for the seecond time in my life. Boo and I walked up the steps to the porch. His fingers found the doorknob. He gently released my hand, opened the door, enter inside, and shut the door behind him. I never saw him again.
Neighbors bring food with death and flowers with sickness and little things in between. Boo was our neighbor. He gave us two soap dolls, a broken watch and chain, a pair of good-luck pennies, and our lives. But neighbors give in return. We never put back into the tree what we took out of it: w had given him nothing, and it made me sad.”

“It doesn't need to be happy so to be interesting, there are outside sad stories which are also interesting... if you know what's about overall..., know the ending... don't you want to understand why??? By going deeper and deeper!?”

“I don't like romance, I don't like sadness. The sadness motion is negative one... as much you are sad as more deeper you go and you want to return the thing which you can't.”

“No tears come, only memories. Memories and regrets.”




“But when she finally got the wings to fly she realized she had nowhere else to go to...”

“He was the friend of my life. You know, you only have one friend like that; there can't be two.”



“Worry not
if you are in darkness
and the void sucks you in further.
This is not the place we go to die.
It’s where we are born
and our stories begin.”

“Sadness is an invitation to God.”

“the tears finally got the best of him and he pressed his palms to his eyes as his shoulders started to shake. He cried silently, in so much pain that there was no sound to equal it”



“No teas come, only memories. Memories and regrets.”



“Truth is neither joyful nor sad, neither good nor bad. It is simply truth.”



“If we try to see something positive in everything we do, life won't necessarily become easier but it becomes more valuable.”



“طوال عمره كان يكره هؤلاء الذين يحاولون أن يقولوا أي شيء في العزاء ... في النهاية لا ينطقون إلا كلاما محفوظا, ولا يقولونه إلا ليشعروا أنهم أتموا واجبا ما, ليشعروا بالرضا عن أنفسهم .. لكن ذلك الذي مات له شخص ما.. لا أحد يشعر به, ولا حتى يقترب من الفهم.”



“It doesn't matter where I go, I don't want to be there. And then I get to the next place, and I don't want to be there either.”



“A lot of pain that we are dealing with are really only THOUGHTS.”



“The most important subject in the curriculum in the future years will be how to love ourselves and be content.”



“Literacy rate tells us about the section of society who can read and write, but do we have a tool which can share the stats about out how many educated illiterates we have in our society.”



“I will walk without noise and I will open the door in darkness and I will”



“Can you wait until I'm gone to be her boyfriend? Cause right now, I like to think of you as my boyfriend.”

“Tess
DY-N-AMITE
Tim”



“Smitt walked up next to James and watched the planet slowly grow larger. "They say the water used to be so blue you could see it from space.”



“The virus that had lay dormant for two years had been reawakened by simply seeing her smile. He thought he would be impervious to it by now, but every time her eyes changed colour, every time she giggled, it just caused the infection to spread. He had no idea why he continued to torment himself this way; burning for a woman he knew he could not have.
He happily spent an hour or two with her each day and then braced himself for the self-inflicted torture that inevitably ensued at night. That torture had become his way of life, but he found that a worse fate would be not seeing at all.”

“It was then that I realized.
There are a thousand ways to break a girl...but it only takes one to kill her.
-Alyssa 'Blame It on the Pain”



“Love caught me with my pants down, watering skeleton flowers and humming the blues.”

“The sad part is that you love her.... and she didn't love you back.”

“Every story has an own end one story ends with not so happy end like in the middle to happen events like suicide, like die from real nature which will mean you just die without any disease or something like this it has came the time you to die. So you die!
Other die from diseases like cancer or something other thing. But the story must end and must begin, nobody can do anything about that. Some stories end and start with happiness, but as always there is some sad events!”

“Mourn, cry, be sad god doesn't give a fuck. The life has been taken in one or other way and it can't be done anything that's all, it's not big philosophy - it's short and it can't be more longer than this!”

“If someone's a racist, punch them in the mouth so they will be sadder, and therefore less likely to stereotype. (Even if Fargas's theory is flawed, on the upside, at least you've punched a racist in the mouth.)”



“Jordan Mullen is looking at me like I'm something he wants to scrape off his shoe and right then my heart breaks, but somehow beats on.”



“I am a golem, child,’ answered Lye calmly. ‘My mistress wrote it there. She was marvelous clever and knew all kinds of secret things. One of the things she knew was how to gather up all the slips of soap the bath house patrons left behind and arrange them into a girl shape and write “truth” on her forehead and wake her up and give her a name and say to her: “Be my friend and love me, for the world is terrible lonely and I am sad.”



“Like dandelions they flew across the expanse
Of desert calm without advance
They filtered through the stilled “become”
Returning to the land they knew.
They knew no more than where they flew.
And so they gathered, one and all,
And scattered it throughout their path.
Only golden-shafted majesty could still their might.
And so they flew onward, without a path.”



“GreenHollyWood blocked me on skype..., and why???
I can't make black jokes???
So you can make, but I can't so sad!”

“Disappointment, fear, grief, unlove, dullness and guilt are the worst feelings. Learn from them so that you move on. Then replace them with more satisfying and promising joy, love gratitude, pride, confidence, direction.”

“People aren't born sad.
We make them that way.”

“She believes in love and romance. She believes her life is one day going to be transformed into something wonderful and exciting. She has hopes and fears and worries, just like anyone else. Sometimes she feels frightened." He pauses, and adds in a softer voice, "Sometimes she feels unloved. Sometimes she feels she will never gain approval from those people who are most important to her."s”




“Sometimes I return back to the state of mind I had as a child when I believed nothing was impossible.”



“My beautiful swan. My savior and my undoing.”



“Tenderhearted people are silent sufferers they just learn the art to fly with broken wings.”



“I had let down my shields, that was the problem. The crazy inside Dad had infected me, weakened me so that when Finn smiled, I'd been vulnerable. I'd dropped my shields and let myself pretend that somebody like Finn would want to be with somebody like me.”



“When a loved one is sick, the days are long, but the years are short.”



“There's a story behind every
"I don't believe in love"
"Period”



“He wasn’t a good person, but I painted him to be and since I painted it, I believed it.”

“This is a bitter adventure, if it must end so; and not a mountain of gold can amend it. Yet I am glad that I have shared in your perils -- that has been more than any baggins deserves.”

“Finding is for things that are lost. You don't need to find me, Mayor.”



“Its not your fault for not being there.
Its my fault for thinking you would be”



“Life like two broken hands trying to pick flowers for someone you really like.”



“It was hard to know how to play the game when the rules kept changing.”



“Do you know how hard it is to kill something? Nothing wants to die. Things cling to their lives against all hope, even when it's hopeless. It's like the end is always there, you can't escape it. But things try so, so hard not to cross that finish line. So when they finally do, everything's been stripped away, their bodies and happiness and hope. Things just don't know when to die, I wish they did. I wish my friends had known that, sort of anyway. But I'm glad they tried, that's part of being human right? Part of being any living thing. You hold onto life until it gets ripped away from you, even if it gets ripped away in pieces, you just hold on.”



“Life's a one way road, Don't just stand next to it and wait to get a pick-up back.”

“I loved everything to anything to everyone who surrounded him. He was perfect. A delusion with a sweet melancholy taste. He was crazy, but he was my crazy and inside, everything felt right.”

“I took her dress over to the closet and hung it up. It was funny. It made me feel sort of sad when I hung it up. I thought of her going in a store and buying it, and nobody in the store knowing she was a prostitute and all. The salesman probably just thought she was a regular girl when she bought it. It made me feel sad as hell- I don't know why exactly.”

“You want to know what I loved about him? Everything. From a freckle on his ass down to his undying selfish need to always be right.”

“All of your fears and thoughts were mine, you were so scared but it was beyond divine.”

“Coming back to life' is perhaps the toughest battle we keep fighting forever. U never know when will ur life throw u down from Zenith to Nadir and then the journey restarts again...”

“Sometimes a sad man can talk the sadness right out through his mouth. Sometimes a killin' man can talk the murder right out of his mouth an' not to no murder. You done right. Don't you kill nobody if you can help it.”



“In depression, buy gas balloons; they would make you feel lighter.”



“Her eyes are liquid and draining out of her.”



“Someone who normally moved so slowly, this time, for once, was long gone.”



“But the sad truth is that the truth is sad, and what you want does not matter”



“We live in a society where every business has a huge scope.
Even if you open a shop selling snakes people will buy it. Thinking they will direct them to their neighbors house.”



“I wanted to tell her happy was hard for me. But I think she already knew that.”

“Every time you used, it was a risk searching for a high just like the first time, a high you would never find again.”



“Some people you’re not meant to get over.”

“I stood in your doorway this morning
dreaming you’d turn around
you’d tilt your head
you’d softly whisper ”stay”
or that you’d grab my arms
to shake me while asking
what the hell are we doing
we love
each other
and this is not right
so we will make this work
now stay!
You poured your coffee. Stirred the spoon like a crystal man
with your back to me and not a sound. the fridge humming elegies while the clock ticked on
and the streets are so clean here people rushing to work
and maybe I should be too
by now
at this age
this stage
this town.
I will stand in that doorway
dreaming
for many nights to come.”

“When you care about things, it ends up wearing you out.”

“I never even heard her voice."
And after a while:
"It is a strange grief."
Softly:
"To die of nostalgia for something you never lived.”

“You can't fight mental health bias if you label people based on a lists of symptoms and you have no medical degree to diagnose people. We all have crazy running through our blood and so many things trigger that. We all struggle with our anxiety and twisted issues. Defamation of character is not kind, nor Christlike. Because when you label people with self righteous vindication you open the door to the very idea that self righteousness is itself a disorder that we should all be afraid of. This doorway when left open too long gets people to pull away from Christ, not run to him.”

“Lipstick?" He arched a brow.
"I'm on the hunt for my perfect shade," I respond, deadpan.
"Ditch the magenta. Your olive skin
screams
for rose." His deadpan is better than mine.”




“Like alcohol and poverty, a heartbreak has the power to make a man do something he wouldn’t normally do and to make a woman do someone she wouldn’t normally do.”

“What a wonderful sadness to miss the one you have loved forever, it seems, and know that she is waiting at home.”



“She had said he had been driven away from her by a dream...”



“In the serenity and quiet of this lovely place, touch the depths of truth, feel the hem of Heaven. And when you leave, don't forget why you came...”

“I stare past her at the inspirational kitten posters. There's one of a soaking-wet kitten climbing out of a toilet with the caption "it could be worse!"
"Just tell me whatever it is you're thinking," Mrs. Paulsen says. "Whatever is going through your mind right now."
"I hope they didn't actually drop a cat in the toilet to get that picture," I choke out.
"...Pardon?"
"Nothing. Sorry.”



“My life was being planned in sentences that started with 'We' instead of 'I', yet it felt like the most natural transition in the world.”



“Create your own path.Don't blindly follow the massess... because most of the time the "M" is silent.”



“Broken doesn't mean we're valued any less, it just means we've loved someone so much and so fiercely that losing them feels like we've lost part of ourselves.”



“You'll... you'll... live your best life today.”



“It is not the presence of despair that ails you, but the absence of hope.”

“I don't know what hurts more...those moments I ache for you to be here or those moments when you are here and I wonder if it is the last time I will feel you.”



“Your friends can be double-edged knife thy can either nurture you or destroy you. Choose them Wisely......”



“Poor Ramon.”



“It’s like they were worried that I’d be alone all day brooding and painting my cabin black or something—sheesh.”



“Breathing became a painful chore. Her lips turned down while her warm fingers caressed my cheek. That touch typically brought me to my knees, but now it cut me open.
“Did you know that when you stop being stubborn and accept I may be right on something, your eyes widen a little and you tilt your head to the side?”
she asked.
I forced my head straight and narrowed my eyes.
“I love you.”
She flashed her glorious smile and then it became the saddest smile in the world.
“You love your brothers more. I’m okay with that. In fact, it’s one of the things I love about you. You were right the other day. I do want to be part of a family. But I’d never forgive myself if I was the reason you didn’t get yours.”
To my horror, tears pricked my eyes and my throat swelled shut.
“No, you’re not pulling this sacrificial bullshit on me. I love you and you love me and we’re supposed to be together.”
Echo pressed her body to mine and her fingers clung to my hair. Water glistened in her eyes.
“I love you enough to never make you choose.”
”



“Even the giant lead balls are not as heavy as the two sad eyes!”

“When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.”

“When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Laura Miller - Butterfly Weeds”

“Mark nodded even though she couldn't see. He'd suddenly lost any desire to talk, and his plans for a perfect day washed away with the stream. The memories. They never let him go, not even for a half hour. They always had to rush back in, bringing all the horror.”



“How extraordinary the ordinary really is, a tool we all use to keep going, a template for sanity.”

“I just want to feel important to someone.”

“And the pain is too much it’s too much it’s too much and my hands are on my head and I’m rearing back and my mouth is open in a never-ending wordless wail of all the blackness that’s inside of me.”



“There are moments in life where I wonder whether things can get worse. I'm on a plane, with my new husband, whose enthusiasm for this whole thing seems to be flagging, and it's in this deep moment of self-pity that I register–with absolute horror–that I've also just started my period.
I look down at my white jeans and stifle a sob...”



“Quando vedono troppe cose, gli esseri umani diventano stranamente tristi.”

“After supper they saw Kaluka to the boardwalk, and then strolled back along the beach to Asbury. The evening sea was a new sensation, for all its color and mellow age was gone, and it seemed the bleak waste that made the Norse sagas sad.”

“What I want to know is how you go on when you look around
and don’t see anywhere you want to go without the only person
you can’t have.”




“I am not sad anymore.
I am not weak or tender or quiet like you remember because the second you said those words and closed that door, I sold my soul to the part of myself I had buried in order to love you, to let you touch every inch of my rotten body, for I wanted to be touchable and not so strange. Not so sad and tender, like I’ve always been, they say, so I changed.
And then your glances and words throwing knives with no return about my change of habits and ways of living, being, and I nodded and smiled, dying silently a little bit inside.”



“Have you ever loved someone so much that even when they chip pieces away from you, you still try to give them what’s left? I know I have… I know I do.”



“Nothing much bothered you for a while and you kept walking like a silhouette through this town, saying hi’s and goodbyes, acting polite at all times. But there is no fire in your heart; you are not very concerned.”



“All the birds who were never born, all the songs that were never sung and so can only exist in the imagination.
And this one is Teddy's.”



“Sadness is a bruise on the skin of memory.”

“The void inside me starts to fill, but my heart has holes, and whatever it holds will run out, leaving me empty once again.”



“It was quite a sad thing,
the way I watched you sleep like nothing could go wrong and I did not want to harm it, I did not want to blur it, but how could I not
when everything I’ve ever known has slowly gone away.”



“I took him to the river and said “let’s watch something drown,” So he took a stone
and I took my necklace
and we threw it all together,
the way I always think I will get better in July. Things will change and sounds won’t ache
and I gave my heart to uncertainty so many times, and so I took him to the river,
threw the necklace in the river to slowly watch it drown, or burn, or fade away
like I’ve done so many times.”



“The saddest thing is that every love has an unhappy ending, and all the more unhappy in proportion to how divinely it began, with what wings it first took flight.”



“It seems to me that our lives are consumed by countless wasting years, but only a few shining moments. I missed mine. Yes is what I should have said. Of course I should have said yes.”



“If this constant bitter disappointment was love, then I was perfectly fine not to have anything to do with it.”



“You are alone,
So alone,
You speak back to silence.
People call it loneliness,
You call it solitude,
Different words,
Meaning the same pain.”



“It tugs at me, filling me with the kind of seasick nostalgia that can hit you in the gut when you find an old concert ticket in your purse or an old coin machine ring you got down at the boardwalk on a day when you went searching for mermaids in the surf with your best friend.
That punch of nostalgia hits me now and I start to sink down on the sky-coloured quilt, feeling the nubby fabric under my fingers, familiar as the topography of my hand.”



“A familiar sensation sparks inside me, the one I had a few years ago, the one that hurts because it’s dangerous and overwhelming. Knowing how it is to truly love someone is torturous. You try to bury that feeling. So you become lonely, deprived, and when you sense anything remotely like it, the emotion comes back to haunt you. It’s one sick fucking game.”



“WILL YOU DANCE WITH ME
As we stand here,
Hand in hand,
Under the neon lights
Of Truth and Love.
I'm asking you to
Dance with me.
To twirl,
Kick,
Drop,
Jump,
And fly
With me.
Skidding and
Sliding across
The dancefloor of life,
I want you to
Glide with me.
Through the
Saddest and
Happiest songs,
The fastest highs
To the longest and
Slowest lows,
I want you to
Flow through
Them all
With
Me.”



“Life is brutal that way... the loss of irrecoverable moments amid trivia and distraction.”

“Growing older doesn't mean that you are more mature than everyone who is younger than you. Maturity is a lot of things, and age has nothing to do with it.”



“Tessa never could look at him without a tightening in her chest, a painful stutter of her heart.”



“I realized I loved him after everything went wrong so I wallowed in self-pity and prayed I could wake up.”

“...
and the hermit's spirit detaches itself, ever so gently, and begins its lonely passage upward, to find its final resting place among the stars
.”



“Don’t promise when you’re happy, don’t reply when you’re angry, and don’t decide when you’re sad.”

“. . . if there was a hope of comfort for any moment, the heart or head of no human being in this house could yield it . . .”



“A lot of people will ask me “Whats depression like?”.
Its the same answer every time. “Its shitty...”. But you know whats its really like? Its like a bundle of dark clouds falling over your head, raining constantly. So your drenched. You cant function properly, you can’t do the things you love because your fingers slip and you mess up. Your clothes metaphorically are like your life, you try to change them, but they only stay dry for a few seconds, then its the same old story all over again. And no one, I repeat no one, wants to be near you.
Your a wet, soaking, depressed and helpless kitten lost in depressions firm grip. Its like a stalker, it follows you. Everywhere you go, Its waiting for you. You can’t leave it. You can’t ignore it. Its always there. Thats what makes it so scary. You can never get away from it, unless, someone pushes those fiery and dark clouds away. If their willing to sacrifice everything just to make you happy.
Even if that means taking those clouds upon themselves.”

“All my memories are things I gave away, traded for new days after days after days...”



“He was good and then really good and then bad and then really bad, but since he was good I got lost in the thought that I could fix it.”

“The hardest part of life is living it.”

“Право человека не убивать. Не учиться убивать. Оно ни в одной
конституции не записано.”

“If only I knew... If only baby... If only...”

“I'm that person everyone replaces after a while.”

“We dig holes for ourselves, of comfortable living, and it’s hard to see just how deep down you are until you suddenly want to take a look at the world up there, some fresh air
and realise you can’t get up. You’re too far down.”

“Her tragedy, if she had one, was to be as normal and average as any child ever born.”




“My months are spent preparing for the fall.”

“I've missed you so much it's felt like missing you is all I am.
Like if someone looked inside me, there wouldn't be a skeleton and muscles and blood and nerves. There'd just be memories of you and all the things I've tried to say and ripped out of this notebook, all the things I want to say but can't because I don't have the words.”



“I have found no other cure for loneliness than to befriend it.”

“I think if we stop running towards broken arms, we’d all be just fine.”

“Finally those you love are simply ... those you love.”



“We live forever; but they don't come back.”



“The saddest part is, no one has missed me, no one would even know if I had died couple of days ago. So my dead body would just lay here, abandoned, without anyone noticing or thinking about where I am. Maybe I am not just important…just mistake, outcast, person who is easy to forget and leave behind”

“The difference is,
Now I cant call you anymore…
I cant hear your calming voice,
I cant hear your words
That made me always feel better,
Now I am just all alone
In this dark and cold room”

“Thinking about going to the balcony and jumping off.”

“A Colder breeze lifted a dead leaf to the roof and sent it scuttling merrily on its way to catch in my hair. It crackled dry and brittle when Chris plucked it out and held it, just staring down at a dead maple leaf as if his very life depended on reading its secret for knowing how to blow in the wind. No arms, no legs, no wings... bit it could fly when dead.”



“Twenty years have intervened; for ten of them I lived and fought for Dejah Thoris and her people, and for ten I have lived upon her memory.”



“Cried myself to sleep-woke up crying…”

“I feel so lonely every night and every day and I still push everyone away…”

“Long time ago I had this thing called hope, but like I said it was long ago”

“I'm sorry...I just don't know what's wrong with me..”

“People used to recognize it as mood.
Science has revealed it as cannabinoids.
When you feel sad, just do long running.
Then you will know that even mood can be governed.”



“I always hated...all sad songs. I thought they made happy people miserable. Now I think I understand them better. Bards write them because they can't hold them back. Sadness has got to flow out or it gets stuck and turns bitter.”



“I can’t get her out of my head”

“I can’t move, can’t get up,
My arms are chained,
My head’s not straight,
I can’t see anyone at the end of the tunnel,
I can’t move, can get up,
My head’s not straight,
My dreams have left,
I feel empty and hollow,
My arms are chained,
The angel of fear is here with me,
To give me a message “soon you’ll be free”
There’s not light at the end of the tunnel,
I feel empty and hollow.”

“His love was a poison: soft and loveable, hideous yet touchable.”

“In the dark, the little live Christmas tree, two feet tall, sparkled with tiny coloured lights, like the tears I saw glistening in my brother's eyes.”



“We take the names of madmen, because madness is our fate. Terribly melodramatic, that.”

“When in life you are destined great, but fated to a humble background, it always gets really worse before it gets really better.”

“Wrote you a poem or two. You didn’t enjoy them, but I did for you.”

“Candy. He spoke of candy. Was he still in the child's world where candy stood for something sweet enough to hold back tears? I had grown older, and had lost enthusiasm for childish delights. I wanted what every teenager wants -- freedom to develop into a woman, freedom to have full control over my life! Though I tried to tell him this, my voice had dried up along with my tears.”

“We climbed under the chain fence and knelt around Dad while he petted the cheetah. By then a few people had begun to gather. One man was calling to us to get back behind the chain fence. We ignored him. I knelt close to the cheetah. My heart was beating fast, but I wasn’t scared, only excited. I could feel the cheetah’s hot breath on my face. He looked right at me. His amber eyes were steady but sad, as if he knew he’d never see the plains of Africa again.”



“Thoughts eat me creepy words crush my head.. I hear them talk,they scream and howl for each other.. Weeping souls longing trapped in a cage full time.”

“Things change as minds change. Egos and prides vanish in the darkness of night. The false mask of vanity burns in the natural propensity to be happy. Who wants to be sad, after all?”



“You’re lonely,” they say,
but it doesn’t scare me
anymore
for it teaches me,
and maybe that’s the biggest win from these years:
I don’t need anyone else to distract me from myself anymore,
like I always thought I would.
I don’t break mirrors anymore,
like I always thought I would.
I can finally stand myself,
and I never thought I would.”




“Waking up breaks my heart.
Getting dressed breaks my arms.
Joining the crowd breaks my legs.
Letting someone in...does me in.”



“You kissed me that morning as if you’d never done it before and never would again and now I write another letter that I will never dare to send, collecting memories of loss like chains tight around my chest,
and if you see a fire from the shore tonight
it’s my chains going up in flames.”



“I can’t sleep alone anymore
and I get used to
company
too quickly. You’re always gone too soon.”



“People are going to break promises, and they will have every right to till the point you realize that you don't change plans based on someone else's words.”

“I'm accustomed to toxicity and can’t control myself when I’m near it.”

“Everything hurts until you become good at hurting everything around too.”

“Stop explaining to others, people will only understand from their level of discernment.”



“I get happy and I get sad,
just like anybody else
but they call this a disorder.”



“Do you think we make sad things into songs in order to hold on to the sadness or to banish it—I think it is to banish the sadness. So then if you write a happy song, is it not sadder than a sad song because by making it you have banished your own happiness into a song?”



“Sometimes we are that fly in the house, that thinks it sees an open window. So it crawls to, or flies head-on into clear glass. At times getting stuck between the storm and pane, it dies in the windowsill under a tormenting, hot sun.”

“Felix had left his heart buried in the ground years ago, but he felt it crack apart.”



“I missed him so much that it felt like a physical pain in the area below my ribs. I opened my mouth to accommodate it. I put my hand to it. A hollow, aching, piercing place.”



“I believe we were right for each other, but not in that moment, which perhaps hindered any possibility of a future.”

“He said he was going to fix everything and I believed him. But I believed him before and again some. And I guess I got lost in the resentment of disbelief.”

“He said he liked my rhythm. I said I liked his heartbeat, and it was within that moment I knew our corners would never meet.”

“Fear is the most prodigious enemy of our soul”



“Respect is reverence out of love, Fear is reverence out of hate.Choose Wisely”



“We were one, even in the darkest corner.”

“The only principle which will make you more content, less bitter is to live a life that has "Less excuses, more results. Less distraction, more focus. Less me, more we. Live with "Gratitude" not with "Greytitude”



“HlI watch Ethan try to connect the dots in his head, And suddenly his face falls into a sad smile.
"Oh," he says. And that's all.
I walk over to him, my bare feet sinking into the sand as I trudge along. He's grinning at me now, but it's not the usual plastered-on smile he usually has. This one is somehow more authentic.
When I'm within a few feet of him, he holds his arms out.
"You're going to be such a good leader," he says. "I'm so proud of you, Five."
I embrace Ethan. His arms fold around me as he pats me on the back. He lets out a long, slow sigh and then starts to say something. I cut him off before he can get the words out. I can't stand to hear him say another thing.
"Ethan, I'm really sorry about this. But it's for the best."
I can feel his body clench as the blade slips out of my forearm sheath and into his back. It slides between his ribs-a lucky shot- then retracts back into my hoodie sleeve. It's over in an instant. I step away from him. He stands frozen, probably in shock. There's a deep spot of read blooming across the right side of his chest where the blade must have broken the skin. Blood drops down from the hidden wrist sheath, running over my right hand before falling from my fingertips to the sand.
"It's over," I murmur, more to myself than to Ethan. He's probably not paying much attention to what I have to say. Tears are welling in his good eye, but I don't know if they're for me or for himself.
He blinks once and then falls to the beach with a soft thud.”

“Who knows if you’re alive anymore, but better yet, who knows if I’m even alive anymore?”

“I let go so you could grab on.”

“It was just right to be all by myself. Nobody to bother about.”



“I watch Ethan try to connect the dots in his head, And suddenly his face falls into a sad smile.
"Oh," he says. And that's all.
I walk over to him, my bare feet sinking into the sand as I trudge along. He's grinning at me now, but it's not the usual plastered-on smile he usually has. This one is somehow more authentic.
When I'm within a few feet of him, he holds his arms out.
"You're going to be such a good leader," he says. "I'm so proud of you, Five."
I embrace Ethan. His arms fold around me as he pats me on the back. He lets out a long, slow sigh and then starts to say something. I cut him off before he can get the words out. I can't stand to hear him say another thing.
"Ethan, I'm really sorry about this. But it's for the best."
I can feel his body clench as the blade slips out of my forearm sheath and into his back. It slides between his ribs-a lucky shot- then retracts back into my hoodie sleeve. It's over in an instant. I step away from him. He stands frozen, probably in shock. There's a deep spot of read blooming across the right side of his chest where the blade must have broken the skin. Blood drops down from the hidden wrist sheath, running over my right hand before falling from my fingertips to the sand.
"It's over," I murmur, more to myself than to Ethan. He's probably not paying much attention to what I have to say. Tears are welling in his good eye, but I don't know if they're for me or for himself.
He blinks once and then falls to the beach with a soft thud.”



“He hated this feeling of free-floating, just drifting from place to place, thought to thought, without any sense of anchor or root.”



“Vous êtes belles mais vous êtes vides. On ne peut pas mourir pour vous.”



“I never fear death... for me it's only a new beginning.”

“I was just beginning to relax when the radio crackled to life, and nearly gave me a heart attack.
"I see something, I see something!" Maddy was screaming and sounded terrified. "I see something moving!"
There was a weird, muffled sound, and then Skylar’s voice came on. "Please disregard that emergency broadcast.  Madeline has just seen her first cow.”

“People don't like to talk about death because it makes them sad.”



“I’m floating. I’m flowing. I’m loving, but I’m going.”

“How odd it is that we so often weep for each other’s distresses, when we shed not a tear for our own!”




“You don’t get over it. You move past it. You move through it. You lose yourself to find it, and when found, it’s yours and no longer theirs.”

“I see you in every passing moment.”

“Loving you was hard, wanting you was harder, but kissing your forehead was insanity.”

“Depression is very real. It'll back you into a dark room, slap you across the face, spit in your eyes, scream in your ears, and punch you in the gut - Until you give in.”

“Opportunity comes to everyone it depends on you whether you take it or leave it. Learn to take risks and play hard because at the end you'd be thankful for your struggle.”



“I see more light than dark, but when I encounter dark I seem to get lost in it.”

“These people all fling themselves at me. Because I am uneasy and sad they all fling themselves at me larger than life. But I can put my arm up to avoid the impact and they slide gently to the ground. Individualists, completely wrapped up in themselves, thank God. It's the extrovert, prancing around, dying for a bit of fun - that's the person you've got to be wary of.”



“Sometimes even a "Yes" can be fatal for our Souls”



“When you are stressed and challenged by hardships just smile through it as frowning won’t help in changing the situation”



“We all have this perfect little image of who we want to be, but it is unnecessary. Throw the image away. You're already you just be the best version of yourself.”



“I don’t know how long it’s been since I’ve been gone, but you have to move on. If not today, then someday soon.
I love you, Ryden, I will always love you, but I’m not here anymore.”



“It never occurred to us that the Earth itself might have been unyielding”

“Happiness found me alone one day and took me by the hand.
He showed me how the sun gave out its warmth across the land.
Sadness found me content and smiling upward at the sun.
He talked of droughts and blindness and what burning rays had done.
Happiness found me alone again and pointed to the sky.
He showed me how the storms created rainbows way up high.
Sadness found me intrigued and took me to the rainbow’s end.
He showed me how it disappeared to ne’er return again.
Happiness found me alone and taught me how to sing a song.
He sang a dozen melodies as I chirped right along.
Sadness found me singing out and covered up his ears.
He said the noise was deafening, and wished he couldn’t hear.
Happiness found me alone and gave me seven coins of gold.
He showed me many fancy things that merchants often sold.
Sadness found me admiring the pretty things I’d bought.
He pointed out my empty purse and money I had not.
Happiness found me alone and helped me talk to someone new.
He called the boy my friend and said that I was his friend too.
Sadness found me together with my kind, attentive friend.
He whispered of betrayal and how broken hearts don’t mend.
Happiness found me alone and held me tight in his embrace.
He whispered kindness in my ear and kissed me on the face.
Sadness found me with Happiness but before he spoke at all,
I told him he’d have better luck at talking to the wall.”



“Sadness brings delicacy. Happiness brings subliminal terror.”

“Yesterday, she shed tears, keeping her head on my shoulders. And I think she's not going to be fine because I know she won't. Because a couple of years back, I wasn't.
And when you know that you've fallen hard on a cold ground and are still lying there, what do you tell others who are taking the fall?
You close your eyes. You accept to lie there a little longer.
But I lie on my bed now, and it's a little too warm today.”

“Its all about perception in life, For some One minus One = One & for some its Zero.That's the only difference.”



“Sad hotels existed everywhere, to be sure, but the Dolphin was in a class of its own. The Dolphin Hotel was conceptually sorry. The Dolphin Hotel was tragic.”



“Sometimes people come to heal your pain and end up by giving you bit more of that”

“How my heart and soul are feeling Today?
In pieces”

“Feeling like I have thorns on my body everywhere, That's by nobody want to stay in my life, They just come and leave me by saying you are everything I can wish for but they need time to be sure and after that they disappear and never come back !!”

“Today I saw shooting Star was looking totally like me (broken), But nothing happen to the Moon, was exactly like you”

“The spirit of pessimism inside of her was purely organic.”



“Then her brain caught up with her body and a trickle of uncertainty slid through her. She stilled, heart pounding, body aching with the most intense desire she’d ever known. Nathan stopped and raised his head to look down at her, his hand still cupping her breast. He was breathing as hard as she was, his eyes glittering with a hunger so raw it sliced her inside. When she didn’t say anything he started to remove his hand but she tightened her grip and held him there as she gazed into his eyes. “I can’t be just another notch on your belt, Nathan,” she whispered in an agonized voice. Not with him, it would crush her. If that’s all she was to him, she would rather stop things here than continue. She’d already battled long and hard to overcome feeling cheap and used. She wouldn’t do it again for any man, not even Nathan. The anguished look on his face made her feel terrible for saying it, but she’d had to make it clear.
“No,” he insisted, leaning down to rest his forehead against hers and closing his eyes. She could feel the urgency in him, the way it strung his muscles tight, the fingers in her hair sliding open to cradle the back of her skull. The protective, possessive gesture made her melt and lean into his hold. “No, you’re not, I swear to God you’re not.”



“Thunder erupted over head as I watched him go. I felt the rain start to hit my head, getting me soaked in an instant. Before he went into his house, he turned back one more time and looked at me with those sad eyes.
“Looks like you have your storm.”
And then he was gone, leaving me standing out in the rain.”



“Sometimes Dreams take time to come true, But it hurts when it comes true and you are not with that person with who you dreamed about it”

“When you go through a bad relationship and finally dust yourself off, there's a vulnerability that goes along with that.”

“Be mule-like stubborn about your happy”

“Every now and then I have to take a backward step in giving in. Not because of expecting something in return. But because I want to see how far God has changed me from what I used to be. I guess this is the only pain of humility! To offer your own heartbeat every single day!”

“Nobody would believe what an effort it is to do what little I am able, - to dress and entertain, and order things”




“Promise was like a precious stone, she told me: hypnotising, but after a while the weight of it could sink you.”



“Deep in her soul, however, she was waiting for something to happen. Like a sailor in distress, she would gaze out over the solitude of her life with desperate eyes, seeking some white sail in the mists of the far-off horizon. She did not know what this chance event would be, what wind would drive it to her, what shore it would carry her to, whether it was a longboat or a three-decked vessel, loaded with anguish or filled with happiness up to the portholes. But each morning, when she awoke, she hoped it would arrive that day, and she would listen to every sound, spring to her feet, feel surprised that it had not come; then at sunset, always more sorrowful, she would wish the next day were already there.”



“Some days I wonder if I stopped writing about him, if I’d love him a little less.”

“So if this were a normal book about a girl with leukemia, I would probably talk a shitload about all the meaningful things Rachel had to say as she got sicker and sicker, and also probably we would fall in love and have some incredibly fulfilling romantic thing and she would die in my arms. But I don't feel like lying to you. She didn't have meaningful things to say, and we definitely didn't fall in love. She seemed less pissed with me after my stupid outburst, but she basically just went from irritable to quiet.”



“I'm just like the tree... strong-looking but slowly dying.”

“There is no greater despair, than to tread with care upon ice that is already broken”

“But could words be
the end of me?”

“What else can you tell me?” Dad stares at me. “What have you learned while you were awake?”
I learned that life is so, so fragile. I learned that you can know someone for just days and never forget the impression he left on you. I learned that art can be beautiful and sad at the same time. I learned that if someone loves you, he’ll wait for you to love him back. I learned that how much you want something doesn’t determine whether you get it or not, that “no” might not be enough, that life isn’t fair, that my parents can’t save me, that maybe no one can. “Nothing much,” I mutter.”



“Don't ask creator to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.”



“Never knew the word Goodbye could scatter my heart into pieces. Just 1 word, could made me cry over you.”

“Never expect someone to care for you or to care about your feelings and emotios Everyone's fucking heartless, people just don't give a damn about your stupid feelings or your boring stories. People only know how to fool you around and use you for their own benefits.”

“Because of the green-eyed one, I see red and that makes me blue.”

“I collect my thoughts, I choose my words,
Whenever I decide to talk to you.
But...
I feel like a dumb, without a tongue,
Whenever I reach in front of you.
I wonder why it happens to me?
even when my feelings are genuine and true.”

“How long you will live in your dreams? The time is now, it's better to go and follow them..”



“No matter how much struggle you face in your journey towards success, someday you will look back and realize your struggles changed your life for the better.”



“In the end it will be your “Actions” “Convictions” & “Thoughts” which will determine how you shaped your life.”



“We ate food that wasn't healthy. We let dirty dishes stack up in the sink. We slept too much.
We talked about everything, everything but the slaughter at the mall. Our past, our future. We planned. We dreamed.”



“I’d like to think that the day I realize we will always be miserable will differ from every other. I hope it will so obnoxiously stand out from the monotonous cycle of my days, that I wouldn’t forget that sorrowful moment of comprehension. But, when that breeze of reality comes by, it wont be a memorable hurricane, nor a momentous tornado. It will be the same, sad, soft wind that I felt the day before, and the day before that. Because the moment you understand your inevitable misery in life, may also be the day you see you are to always be dejected.”

“It is a crushing moment when you realize that your life has either been a series of huge mistakes, or worse; it hasn’t.”

“Tidak perlu pisau untuk membunuh cinta. Yang kamu butuhkan hanya ucapan perpisahan.”



“Don’t keep those people in your life who are completely negative in approach. Eventually these people will stress you out and be the source of your downfall.”



“Sometimes a gloomy street is all a sad person needs! A magical relief may arise from the meeting of the two sad things!”

“I danced as he twirled in and out of consciousness, and there we were, one in love and the other astray.”

“I knew I’d be troubled, but who knew awhile meant forever?”

“I think we cry to release the animal parts of us without losing our humanity. Because
inside me is a beast that snarls, and growls, and strains toward freedom, toward Tobias, and, above
all, toward life. And as hard as I try, I cannot kill it.”



“Don't be sad because I'm dying, be happy because very second another great human being is born, another person that ill have chances to do greater things than me.”

“A sensitive person must find a sensitive life partner otherwise a raw life partner would become a puzzle for his/her entire life”

“My Ghost- Once, I saw a rainbow in the sky, and then, poof, it was gone. Just like the dreams I had of you everyday of my life since the day I met you. I thought we had something, but it turned out that it was just a mist in the air. A mist visible only for so long and then soon, it vanished like a ghost. You were once my knight in shining armor, but now your the pale ghost in my dreams. In my nightmares.”

“It's more real to me here than if I went up," he suddenly heard himself say; and the fear lest that last shadow of reality should lose its edge kept him rooted to his seat as the minutes succeeded each other.”

“My world is a million shattered pieces put together, glued by my tears, where each piece is nothing but a reflection of YOU.”

“Why not risk your life, if you don't want to live anyway? Why not risk your life if you'll never be happy no matter what you do?”




“Self-hatred is self-imprisonment. Self-forgiveness is self-liberation. You have the right to suppress yourself, oppress yourself and depress yourself. You have the right to impress yourself too. Feel happy!”



“This is me being sad.
Maybe you think I'm being happy in this picture. Really I'm being sad but pretending I'm being happy. I'm doing that because I think people won't like me if I look sad.”

“I spend my nights thinking the worst
And telling myself that everything's going to work out
I keep kicking myself in the mouth
Opening up every cut that should be a scar by now”

“I give myself up to darkness; and wish I may never again be required to lift my head to the light.”



“She told her secret love,
not me,
i could’nt speak,
i smiled.”

“Dreaming of getting you
I loosed everything
Cheerfulness of smile
And all the dreams of life”



“Forgive me," I wrote at the bottom. "I did not think I would break.”



“Everything that drowned me taught me how to swim.”

“Give me another Chance
Then,
You will Get
Less than I Gain...”



“To be happy to be sad and sad to be happy is to sing an echo in that beautiful language called Sorrow.”



“Love is the reflection of a broken heart in a shattered mirror...”



“Father, it’s Wistala. Wistala.”
Father grimaced. “You’re a star, Wistala — I saw you twinkling beneath dear Irelia last night. You, Auron, and Jizara all in a row. I’ll be up there soon. Wait.”



“One last word,' I said in my horrible careful English, 'are you quite, quite sure that—well, not tomorrow, of course, and not after tomorrow, but—well—some day, any day, you will not come to live with me? I will create a brand new God and thank him with piercing cries, if you give me that microscopic hope'
'No,' she said smiling, 'no.'
'It would have made all the difference,' said Humbert Humbert.
Then I pulled out my automatic-I mean, this is the kind of fool thing a reader might suppose I did. It never even occurred to me to do it.”



“Frankie Perino and I were lucky that day. Lucky to be alive-that's what everyone said.”



“Sometimes, you don't get what you want the most... At other times, you're just lucky.”

“Behind the building was a field and when the potpourri scent of her cleaner made me sneeze, I went outside. There were calves there, these sweet things that watched me with less interest than I watched them. There was this raggedy one, sitting in the middle of the field, its mother nearby. I didn’t realize it was sick until it tried to get up and it couldn’t. It kept trying and it couldn’t and then, eventually—it didn’t. After a while, a truck drove in. A man and a boy got out, looked it over while its mother stood close. It was dead, the calf. Dead and too heavy to load into the truck bed, so they tied a rope around its neck, tied the other end to the truck and dragged it off the field like that. Its mother watched until it disappeared and when it was out of view, she called for it. Just kept calling for it so long after it was gone. Sometimes I feel something like that, between my mom and me. That I’m the daughter she keeps calling for so long after she’s been gone.”



“I'm trying to tell him everything will be all right, but how can I say it with a straight face? My son's no idiot. He knows when I'm lying.
The medicine won't taste bad.
The bath is not hot.
Daddy will be safe.
Lies.”

“It is a sad state of affairs that I do
not know of any astronomer who fully understands the energy in their own daily environment. Until
that changes, Dark Energy will always be a mystery to the astronomical community.”

“When something's fallen apart as many times as us
I can't put it back together, it's not the same”

“For some reason, I kept seeing it—it trembled and silkily glowed on my damp retina—a radiant child of twelve, sitting on a threshold, "pinging" pebbles at an empty can.”



“The present was the thing--work to do and someone to love. But not to love too much, for he knew the injury that a father can do to a daughter or a mother to a son by attaching them too closely: afterward, out in the world, the child would seek in the marriage partner the same blind tenderness and, failing probably to find it, turn against love and life”

“In the distance, Amanda heard the sirens. Just a little bit longer. She didn't know what was wrong with her, but she was scared of dying before she had the chance to tell Ryker goodbye. In their capable hands, though, surely they could keep her alive long enough for him to return. They had to.”



“There is no reason for him to be in a strange land, the grim reaper holding him close, saying, "Yes, today is the day," or "No, not yet.”



“However, if you're cursed as I am with a love of storytelling and adventures in galaxies far, far away, and mythical creatures from fictional lands who are more real to you than actual people with blood and bones---which is to say, people who exist---well, let me be the first to pass on my condolences.
Because life is rarely what you imagined it would be.”



“No! Please no," she feels the cool metal
of the handcuffs again. "Please, I'm
Madison, I'm Madison!"
Her arms lock into place above her head.
She jerks her body, pain snapping at her
muscles.
"You can stay like this for the day." He
rises from the bed, bends down, and
blows out the candles on her birthday
cake. "Night, night, Rosie."
"No!"
He opens the door, letting a stream of
sunlight into the room.
"Please don't leave me here, please!"
And then the door closes, and the
sunlight is gone.”



“Smile
she told about her secret love,
not me,
i could’nt speak,
i smiled.”

“Jeeter?" Grace whispered into her walkie-talkie. "Are you awake?" She waited.
A few weeks ago, she and Jeeter had started chatting on their walkie-talkies late at night when she couldn't sleep. He always answered her call no matter how late it was.
"I'm here," his voice echoed back. "Trouble sleeping again?"
"Yeah."
"Another bad dream?"
"Uh-huh," she sniffed, unexpected tears flooding her eyes. My dad was calling for me, but I couldn't find him." She couldn't believe she'd said it. She'd never told anyone what she saw in her dreams. But Jeeter understood. He'd told her before that he had bad dreams too, since his mom had died.”



“It wasn't the worst time when Melody left me," the Professor said. "The worst time was the years before. Because I didn't know I couldn't hate anybody that much; it was like she'd stuck a sword into me, one of those Japanese samurai swords, do you know the kind I mean? Heavy and razor sharp-and she'd stuck it in me and then she was...pushing it around." His hand rested on his stomach, remembering. "I couldn't get free from the feelings. I didn't know how frightened I could be, all the time. But whenever we had to go out together, she'd smile at me and talk to me and listen and look at me the way she did-and I wanted to hit her," he said, his voice low and ashamed.
Jeff let his head down to rest on his fists.
"When I found out how many lies she was telling me, I finally realized that she had always lied to me. About my lectures. About boyfriends; and even after she knew I knew, she'd still lie about it. I hated her. Or the bills she ran up, without asking, without telling; then she'd say she'd taken care of them but she just-ignore them. I know I looked all right to other people-maybe more of a dry stick than usual, maybe even more of boring than usual-but inside I was knotted up, all the time, because I hated her so much, and I hated myself, and I was scared."
Jeff looked up at his father.
"I didn't think she'd do that to you, Jeff," the Professor said. "But she did, didn't she."
Jeff nodded. He knew he was crying, but he didn't know what to do about it. Neither did the Professor. He just sat and waited, until Jeff got up to blow his nose.
"It was the lies," the Professor said. "They were what really scared me. Even now, if I think about her-and the kinds of things she says....I don't know what she told you, but I never was sorry I'd married her or loved her because of you. You always made a difference, made a real difference, from the very beginning. I always knew that, inside me, but I didn't bother to learn how to show you. I'm sorry, Jeff, I should have taken the trouble.”



“I count everything. Even numbers, odd numbers, multiples of 10. I count the ticks of the clock i count the tocks of the clock I count the lines between the lines on a sheet of paper. I count the broken beats of my heart I count my pulse and my blinks and the number of tries it takes to inhale enough oxygen for my lungs. I stay like this I stand like this I count like this until the feeling stops. Until the tears stop spilling, until my fists stop shaking, until my heart stops aching. There are never enough numbers.”




“You don’t need a sad soul
to feel the beauty of a dead grave
Just stay with the pale moon
when darkness wants the night to be brave”

“Well, at least this is what I told myself every day as I fell asleep with the fire still burning and the moon shining high up in the sky and my head spinning comforting from two bottles of wine, and I smiled with tears in my eyes because it was beautiful and so god damn sad and I did not know how to be one of those without the other.”



“It's alright to love someone who doesn't love you back, as long as they're worth you loving them. As long as they deserve it.”



“Will: I've never seen anyone get so excited over books before. You'd think they were diamonds.
Tessa: Well, they are, aren't they? Isn't there anything you love like that?”



“Smiling is not a choice It’s a Lifestyle Pass it on”



“WATCH out for your surroundings, UPGRADE your mindset and keep FOCUS.”

“Fellas stop being blinded by the big asses and cute faces. Some men are so concern in having a “bad bitch” where they end up broke, and miserable Becuz their busy trying to impress a bad bitch. A bad bitch will cheat on you a REAL WOMAN gone hold it down take care of her own and chase her goals an educated, strong woman, she’s not concerned about how much money you have although you should be on your shit yourself. STOP GOING FOR A WOMAN THAT ONLY JOB SHE HAS IS WAKING UP TO LOOK GOOD AND POST HER ASS ON SOCIAL MEDIA AND THEN GOING BACK TO SLEEP!”

“Most of us do things for reasons that are more purely personal. For love, or for hate.”



“Helpful is happy.
Selfish is sad.
(It's not uncommon to confuse the two.)”



“Start wherever you are! Low hanging fruit really tastes as good as the high stuff.”



“Their beauty had always seemed to him like the beauty of pressed flowers - lovely, but dead.”



“A lie near to truth is always difficult to catch”



“Passion + Vision +Skill + Mentoring = Success.”



“Silence is a girls loudest cry”

“To be successful in life , Plan, Implement, Revise, Update, and Build on Change.”



“But I couldn’t block out the sound of his voice. “Hayden wasn’t the son I expected to have,” he said. “I’d imagined playing catch in the yard, watching football on the weekends, going fishing. The things I’d done with my dad; the things I do with Ryan. It was the only kind of relationship I knew how to have with a son.” His voice cracked. “But my second son didn’t enjoy any of those things. He loved music and video games and computers. I didn’t know how to talk to him. And now I’ll spend the rest of my life wishing I’d learned how.” He lowered his head, as if he were trying to hide the fact that he was crying.”



“It is as great a thing to love as it is to be loved. Love is not something that can be wasted.”



“It was so odd what brought out tenderness in people. It was never what you have expected.”



“Whatever you are physically, male or female, strong or weak, ill or healthy - all those things matter less than what your heart contains. If you have the soul of a warrior, you are a warrior. Whatever the color, the shape, the design of the shade that conceals it, the flame inside the lamp remains the same. YOU are the flame. That's what I believe.”



“On the way home Mary Lou said, "Some things are so sad you can't say them." But I pretended not to hear.”



“He put his arms around me. We were both feeling miserable. How were we to know we were happy, even then? Because we at least had that: arms, around.”



“So I can’t explain why, for the next twenty minutes, I stand at the window quietly willing him with my mind to come inside and erase the distance between us.”



“Her gaze shifted away. "I don't remember my dreams anymore." It was like she was confessing a dirty secret. And maybe it was, because even though he hated the dreams, each time he had them, he was with his parents again. Hearing their laughter. Watching them live. But when he woke up they were really gone.”



“A veces, todo el mundo necesita un par de gafas oscuras...”



“How many times do I have to say I’m sorry before you believe it? That I acknowledge I made a terrible mistake and have done everything I know how to fix it? How can you just freeze me out after that and walk away from everything we had?”
Hurt and resentment swelled inside him, mixing with the anger in a toxic, chaotic mess. “You walked away first,” he shot back. “That was your choice.” Then I made mine. It was a low blow, even if it was true. But he refused to feel guilty about it, even under the circumstances. He hadn’t wanted to have this conversation, but she’d insisted, and he wouldn’t lie to her about the way things stood.
Honor’s chin came up, her tears evaporating as her eyes sparked with fresh anger. “I did,” she admitted quietly, her control merely emphasizing the loss of his own. “I did walk away and it was the absolute worst mistake of my life. I’m sorry, Liam. See? I’m a big enough person to admit it to your face. Are you?”



“It's hard to answer the question "what's wrong?" when nothing is right.”

“Most men are blinded by the words "Bad Bitches" and end settling for less!”

“Tessa: Are all vampires like that? Cold like that?
Charlotte: Many of them have been alive a long time. They don't see things the way we do.”



“Never let the world know that you are sad or the world will let you down as well.”

“There is
something
mystically
sad
and beautiful
about
how
i will
never
see you
again
but
meet you
again
and again
in poetry.”




“A string of thoughts run through my head like a song I can't get rid of, over and over in the same order: I am broken. I am a fraud. I am impossible to love.”



“Never Expect Loyalty From A Person That Can't Give You Honesty.”

“I am in Love with you, it’s me who is in love with you not you,

I am in love with you.


Not in a way I wanted to but yeah the way I am fond to

Hey I am in love with you,


not treating you like I wanted to but just being the one that thought of to

yeah I am in love with you,


Loving you was the secrete I wanted to keep

and buried deep inside my emotional heap,


Doing everything possible what I had to

But baby it hurts as it hurts you too,

but yeah still I am in love with you,


Pulled myself million times because I got the wrong vibes all the time,

But the truth remains the same

baby hear me as I am in love with you,


Waiting on you I could see people were laughing on me

I knew all the while you weren't near me.

But you should know that I am in love with you


There were some days I missed you a lot and scared to tell you how i feel cold and hot

for you as I am in love with you is the only dream

And then I am in love with you


I remember I have cried to sleep

and bagged myself to keep you away

from the highest steep

the voice that said from within me I am in love with you


Just I LOVE YOU was the only words I wanna hear from you

even while knowing, you don’t mean to

Because simply I feel the way I wanted to

Loving to say I am in love with you.


wake up in the morning with only you in my mind till I sleep at deep way in the night

I know its all silly things for your kind

but its perfect to me as clearly - deeply in love with you


When you being nice to me that scares me sometimes

but bottom in my heart it feels so nice because during that time

I am in love with you,


Doesn't matter whatever I do with you even things i have never done before

and i enjoyed them all because simply as I am in love with you.

In the first waiting on you was the favorite thing in my day

weather it s a call or just a look from you from the farthest bay

I asked myself why and the voice within me said that I am in love with you.”

“Well, I've got an idea," said Rabbit, "and here it is. We take Tigger for a long explore, somewhere where he's never been, and we lose him there, and next morning we find him again, and--mark my words--he'll be a different Tigger altogether."
"Why?" said Pooh.
"Because he'll be a Humble Tigger. Because he'll be a Sad Tigger, a Melancholy Tigger, a Small and Sorry Tigger, an Oh-Rabbit-I-am-glad-to-see-you Tigger. That's why."
"Will he be glad to see me and Piglet, too?"
"Of course."
"That's good," said Pooh.
"I should hate him to go on being Sad," said Piglet doubtfully.
"Tiggers never go on being Sad," explained Rabbit.”



“Theres no competition in DESTINY. Run your own RACE and wish others WELL!!!”



“Something inside of me began to tear.”



“Have and show motivation to do and learn. That's the key for a good career. Everything else is an extrapolation of that.”



“Wrists are made for bracelets, not cutting.”

“I made promises to you that I'm not sure I can keep.”



“Rule #1 always look out for yourself first don't nobody love/care for you like you do.”

“So don't come in here acting like you matter. You left and took your high horse with you," he takes another step in my direction. My throat constricts.
He's not finished, "And you show up here at my club thinking you can just waltz right in and have a say? No bitch.”



“Here today, may be gone tomorrow! Never take anyone or nothing for granted! Be sure to count your blessing daily because tomorrow isn't promised.”

“They don’t know I only speak in runaway train stations
and everybody is always a few minutes too late to the platform.
No one has ever gotten the chance to get too close
because it is never romantic to fuck the girl who makes love to her own sadness every single night.”

“Pray GOD by HEART, Not by HABIT.”



“The air around her was cool lately, as if she were creating a vacuum with her unhappiness.”



“Thousands of reason are too less to make me sad but a single reason is enough to make me smile.”

“The only enemy which stands between the talent you posses and success you achieve is known as "EGO" in our Society”



“The Sun is an arrogant thing, always leaving the world behind when it tires of us. The Moon is a loyal companion. It never leaves. It's always there, watching, steadfast, knowing us in our light and dark moments, changing forever just as we do. Everyday it's a different version of itself. Sometimes weak and wan, sometimes strong and full of life. The Moon understands what it means to be human. Uncertain. Alone. Cratered by imperfections.”

“The only way to be content in life is to make sure your NEED don't become GREED.”



“The most important principle for self discovery and to taste success is rather than changing other's attitude changes your own. And always remember same sun which melts the butter also hardens the clay”



“Death is beautiful, part of life... No, it is sad. It’s sad when anyone dies. Even though every single human dies. So it’s really not that sad.”

“To enjoy a peaceful & Beautiful Life We should open our 'EYE' and Close our 'I”



“The sea was no stranger to the rock on the beach. The sea came often to the rock, rushing up wetly against its warm grey, and always as it swept away it took an infinitesimal part of the rock with it. The rock had known the waves for a long time, and learned it was in its nature to erode.”



“Naime, iako ste svakim danom sve zaljubljeniji, isto tako ste i sve ranjiviji, sto ne zelite. Jos ne znate da mozete biti osecajni, a da pritom ne budete slabi.”

“I am sad, like the hot dust on the streets
And the music of fresh fallen leaves
Caught in a sliding summer breeze.”

“The sound of life, Everyone has got their own song playing in the background of their life , some has melody and some has depressing music and some extra ordinary people are standing their choosing the type of music that they want to play - Be that kind of people.”

“Sorrow comes with so many defense mechanisms. You have your shock, your denial, your getting wasted, your cracking jokes, and your religion. You also have the old standby catchall--the blind belief in fate, the whole "things happening for a reason" drill.
But my personal favorite defense has always been anger, with its trusty offshoots of self-righteous indignation, bitterness, and resentment.”



“There was something vaguely sad about the rock. It was as old as it looked, standing weathered and lonely amidst the stretch of sand, and its thoughts were quiet as it listened to the waves.”



“You don't know what it's like to grow up with a mother who never said a positive thing in her life, not about her children or the world, who was always suspicious, always tearing you down and splitting your dreams straight down the seams.”



“Live a life that leaves a memory, nobody can steal.”




“The pain will always be in you — but you will not always be in pain.”

“The only unreachable dream is the one you don’t reach for.”



“If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present.”



“The richest people in the world build networks and invest in people; everyone else looks for work and invests in survival.”



“No body is a looser either he is a Winner or a Learner”



“As long as we have MEMORIES, yesterday REMAINS and as long as we have HOPE, tomorrow AWAITS...”



“Life is a do-it-yourself project.”



“What seems like the right thing to do could also be the hardest thing you have ever done in your life”



“Living your life is a task so difficult it has never been attempted before.”



“The only difference between success and failure is Lack of Vision”



“Being Wise & Being Smart are two different things anyone can be smart but those who master the art of knowing what to overlook in this journey called life deserves to be called Wise”



“YOU have to design your own Price tag for the world.”



“Only Boiled Seeds are afraid of failure.”



“The thing about our choices is that after we have made them, they turn around and make us.”



“Always follow your dreams with confidence and conviction, don’t fall for the trap of dream killers”



“The only goal in life is to be happy, genuinely, intensely and consistently , regardless of what it looks like to others.”



“This sweet-bitter scent
Is still making me faint
Enduring the pain
That makes me insane.

Trying to smile everyday
To hide the feelings I bear
Hide in bed and lay
Praying to ease the fear.

The scent of perfume
Is the reason of my consciousness
It wakens the inner loom
And brings back the memories.”

“TAKE Risk because you never know how absolutely perfect something could turn out to be..”



“Two powerful factors which creates difference between destroying your relationship and deepening it are EGO and Attitude”



“No matter what goals you set to accomplish always remember there is a thing known as Life which you should never forget to live and enjoy”



“Don’t be afraid of failures it takes courage to try new things & only those who try create History.”



“Her eyes are sad.
My thoughts are sadder.
And you can't fall in love with me.
She slowly walks inside, avoiding my gaze as she watches her feet with each step.
They're the saddest steps I've ever seen
taken.
I close the door.
It's the saddest door I've ever had to close.”

“The only principle of Success in Life :"You must be present to win.”



“Find answers in your weakness and surprise in your strength and always remember the golden rule every failure has HOPES”



“Hurt. Enough to want to make someone else hurt too.”



“It’s all about “Priorities” There's No Such Thing as "Busy”

“Don’t be afraid of failures it takes courage to try new things & only those who try create miracles.”



“The sea, the sea…
Man alone,
Passive, unaware
In his elemental sadness.”

“Getting wet in the rain will not make you happy always.”

“You broke my heart.
I fell for you and you broke my heart.
Period, done, end of story.”




“I was the big sister. I was supposed to set and example and lead the way so people would say, 'Hey, you're Alex's sister, aren't you? You two look exactly alike!' instead of 'Hey, you're Alex's sister, aren't you? Are you crazy, too?'
The only example I was ever going to set for her was to always check her food before she ate it.”



“Do not trap yourself into an owl's hooting sound
where sad nights linger through the blackness of a hound”

“And with that, I’m going to crawl into bed and try to erase all that has happened today.”



“She looked at the boy. He knew her weakness for storytelling. And it was, after all, only a story. Still, she wished he had chosen a happier one.”



“Only tears can hear the sound of pain
when warm blood reddens discolored stain”

“IF you want to be a winner than follow one simple rule and feed it in your mind. Take each task and work as " Do it yourself project.”



“True Relations never break and relation which breaks were never true”



“Underwater madness slipping into a haze, drowning and choking in repugnant nostalgic thoughts.”



“I'm tired of hurting from the people who leave me. I'm tired of getting comfortable with others. I tell you everything and you leave. It's like you're take what is good in me and all that is left in me is an empty shitty feeling.”

“Sometimes life is like living in a chamber of Liquid Oxygen. Liquid don't allow you to live and Oxygen don't let you die.”



“Time change - Moments don't.”



“But we who remain shall grow old
We shall know the cold
Of cheerless
Winter and the rain of Autumn and the sting
Of poverty, of love despised and of disgraces,
And mirrors showing stained and aging faces,
And the long ranges of comfortless years
And the long gamut of human fears...
But, for you, it shall forever be spring,
And only you shall be forever fearless,
And only you have white, straight, tireless limbs,
And only you, where the water-lily swims
Shall walk along the pathways thro' the willows
Of your west.
You who went West,
and only you on silvery twilight pillows
Shall take your rest
In the soft sweet glooms
Of twilight rooms...”

“MISUNDERSTANDING" arises only when you see the things with Closed Eyes”



“A wise man is someone who knows how to convert obstacles into resources.”



“THE Biggest enemy of Truth is known as Facts in our Society”



“If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future”



“For all those who say its a Man world. Respect Women Its their World we are just guest here”



“Life doesn't walk away, we do.”



“Now I was falling faster than a comet plummeting to the earth, just waiting to create a giant explosion. Just like a comet, I had no idea exactly how much damage I would leave in my wake.”



“Parched by the deprivation of your love for so long made me forget what a cup brimming with love, on my lips, felt like. Everything that now wets it, only wrinkles it with a bland taste.”

“He was every angel and every devil.”



“I set down in a chair by the window and tried to think of something cheerful, but it warn't no use. I felt so lonesome I most wished I was dead.”

“Some mornings when I wake up, it takes a long time to remember who I am. Like, it takes a while for everything that's happened in last month to download into my brain. It's nice, not knowing. Even if it's just for five minutes.”



“I just wish that God or my parents or Sam or my sister or someone would just tell me what's wrong with me. Just tell me how to be different in a way that makes sense.”

“I like the chase, scavenging and how we unravel. Standing naked with all my pores at the door. Waiting for a response, a love, someone to call my home. Where my emotions graze the air and I’m lying half past gone.”

“She knows there are traps everywhere that can make her cry, she knows the way she dies a little every time someone asks her for change and she doesn't give it to them means that she's too soft for this world or perhaps just for this city, she feels so small here.”

“Sometimes people gone but the memories stay in our memories . . . . . .”

“I am an immortal Experiencer. Does that changed my life,no but it changed the way I Experience life.”

“It was a broken world, I knew then, that would allow a boy such as me to bury a boy such as William K.”

“Even when it seems that there is no one else, always remember there's one person who never ceased to love you - yourself.”

“You don't need to hold them,
Just let them choose if they want to stay or be free.
You're not a rope,
You're a magnet.”

“He was the second snowman to be melting away before her eyes, only this one was different. It was a paradox. The colder he became, the more he melted.”




“I want you to forget what i told you earlier, I... I couldn’t love someone like you. I hate you. I thought it the second i saw you in the park. You were just poison! Drinking beer in the morning, quoting some stupid Tanka to me! You listening to other people talking all day just so you never have to reveal a thing about yourself! You knew who I was, I was just a kid! What were you thinking what’s wrong with you?! If I’d know who you were I wouldn’t have told you a thing about me or my dreams. You don’t think I can do it! You don’t think I’ll ever amount to anything! What is that why you didn’t say anything to me? You thought maybe you'd humor the little kid? Indulge his fantasies for a little while! Just string him along? Just say it I’ll never measure up to my dreams! You knew from the beginning you could have just admitted it! But you played along. So tell me god damn it! Tell me that little kids should run along to school! Tell me that you hate me! Say it! Come on listener say something for a change! You loser! Its because you act like that. You never say what's important! You act like it's none of your business! You've been living your whole life alone!”

“To be happy, be happy with what you have. To be sad, want what you deserve.”

“I could not escape a feeling that this was my own funeral, and you do not cry in that case.”

“Maybe I'd see how you could be so certain that we had no chance...at all.”

“Alai saw the tears but had the grace not to say so. "They're fartheads, Ender, they won't even let you take anything you own."
Ender grinned and didn't cry after all. "Think I should strip and go naked?"
Alai laughed, too.
On impulse Ender hugged him, tight, almost as if he were Valentine. He even thought of Valentine then and wanted to go home. "I don't want to go," he said.
Alai hugged him back. "I understand them, Ender. You are the best of us. Maybe they in a hurry to teach you everything."
"They don't want to teach me everything," Ender said. "I wanted to learn what it was like to have a friend."
Alai nodded soberly. "Always my friend, always the best of my friends," he said. Then he grinned. "Go slice up the buggers."
"Yeah," Ender smiled back.
Alai suddenly kissed Ender on the cheek and whispered in his ear, "Salaam.”



“But most of the time, with a contented resignation that comes normally to a man only at the end of a long and busy life, he sat before the keyboard and filled the air with his beloved Bach.
Perhaps he was deceiving himself, perhaps this was some merciful trick of the mind but now it seemed to Jan that this what he had always wished to do. His secret ambition had at last dared to emerge into the full light of consciousness.
Jan had always been a good pianist, and now he was the finest in the world.”

“I want to write something that means something to someone...the reminds them of what a second, a moment, really is...or that assures them that we are just as lost as they are. I want to write an emotion they are too fragile to let loose, so that my words can do the expression for them, the feeling for them. I want to write beyond the basics and the cliches...I want to write you, I want to write a long walk on a starry night, I want to write an exhale or an inhale...or suffocation.
I want to write as clear as my voice could be heard...that is, if I had anything to say.”

“I'm not going to die. Because I'm the one who will protect you!”

“Jan had always been a good pianist, and now he was the finest in the world.”

“Have you ever had a beautiful melody stuck in your head, but you don't know where it came from? That melody is me.”

“no time ago
or else a life
walking in the dark
i met christ
jesus)my heart
flopped over
and lay still
while he passed(as
close as i’m to you
yes closer
made of nothing
except loneliness.”

“Don't worry, all is well. All is so perfectly, damnably well.”



“No use in crying over a boy because there are plenty more just like him”

“She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum.”

“You told me how much you hate me when yesterday you told me how much you love me, what happen?”

“I really miss you and I still have that one picture of you, where your eyes had no point of view, but pictures say nothing and this one will stay in my minds room.”

“Emptiness ate away at his inside, quickly replaced by a sadness that hurt his heart.”

“You're sad but you hold everything back...”

“They tear each other apart. Sometimes there aren't any happy endings or logical explanations and we just have to accept that and move on. Sometimes it really is that simple.”



“Be yourself and don't be someone else”

“its more a trance, jonah said. the whole world is pressing in on me, like a weight on my chest, slowly pushing me down ans down. and there's nothing between me and this weight but my flimsy skin. Its not enough. It won't protect me. It doesn't keep anything out. The outside will keep pressing until my ribs are crushed.”

“Suddenly I realized that I wanted everything to be as it was when I was younger. When you're young enough, you don't know that you live in a cheap lousy apartment. A cracked chair is nothing other than a chair. A dandelion growing out of a crack in the side walk outside your front door is a garden. You could believe that a song your partner was singing in the evening was the most tragic opera in the world. It never occurs to you when you are very young to need something other than what your parents have to offer you”



“...I was there when we opened the gates. Some of these poor wretches running out were so emaciated they actually died from the excitement of being liberated. I saw it happen several times.
These people in the camps – they were like walking skeletons. You could see all their bones.
The gates opened and the people ran out yelling, "I'm free! I'm free!" And some of them died right there. I was horrified to see what the SS had done to these people.
- Roy Gates”



“I asked Raghav, as we were looking over the wasteland, if the Muslims they burnt would beg for their lives. "Yes they would say, Have mercy on us. But we were filled with such hate; we had Radhabi Chawl on our minds. And even if there was one who said, Let him go, there would be ten others saying, No kill him. And so we had to kill him.
"But what if he was innocent?"
Raghav looked at me. "His biggest crime was that he was Muslim.”

“It's painful when the phantom of the past keeps on lingering you even you wanted to move on.”

“perhaps like me she's vainly hoping
and some news awaits,
but the moist earth already holds him
in her strong embrace...”

“I didn’t want to dream of you anymore, so I quit sleeping.”

“Sometimes it's your fragrance that comes to me, out of the blue, on a crowded road in a Sunday afternoon.
But more often, it's memories of us that cross my mind almost every lone evening.
All I want is to lessen the pain I feel every night.
But every morning I wake up is another day, hopeless and miserable, with nothing but a deafening silence, a wave of tears, memories and your absence.”

“A choice of pains. That's what living was all about.”




“Dear Matthew-
There's one more thing I didn't get to tell you that night in my bedroom. Here it is: I love you. I'm in love with you. I have been for a long time. This might seem like a strange thing for me to say given the fact we aren't speaking to each other. But I've decided that it's possible to love someone for entirely selfless reasons, for all of their flaws and weaknesses, and still not succeed in having them love you back. It's sad perhaps, but not tragic, unless you dwell forever in the pursuit of their elusive affections.”



“Hole..." He grips Risa's hand tighter. "Hole, Risa, hole..." And she smiles "Yes, Connor," she says. "You're whole. You're finally whole.”



“Secrets only ended up hurting other people.”



“Newton's laws of physics can rarely be applied to the real world. There is more to life than cause and effect. Things just aren't that simple”

“Walking alone is not difficult but when we have walked a mile worth a thousand years with someone then coming back alone is what is difficult.”



“... I was feeling so depressed I didn't even think. That's the whole trouble. When you're feeling very depressed, you can't even think”

“Life is defined by time, appreciate the beauty of time;
A time to plant, a time to harvest.
A time to cry, a time to laugh.
A time to be sad, a time to be happy.
A time to be born, a time to die.”

“Sometimes I can feel my darkness, like a fragment of nerves inside of me somewhere, sparking my hate. I picture it moving throughout my body, the other cells letting it pass by, yielding to its master. It moves to my tongue when it wants me to spew beautiful, damaging words, it moves to my hands when it wants me to feel all it can take away, and it moves to my eyes to blind me from truly seeing the destruction I’ve done.”



“Does wanting to die equal losing your mind?”



“If a man cries in front of you, it doesn't mean he's weak. It means that he trusts you enough to let his guard down.”



“And I remember quiet evenings trembling close to you...”

“It is the end of the world. Surely you could be allowed a few carnal thoughts.”



“Sometimes I think my scars are beautiful, but then I remember not everyone shares the same love of art.”



“I never knew there were so many different ways to say good-bye”



“It’s a cruel fact of war that it takes little more than applying pressure to one finger to end another person’s life. More than that, it’s a cruel fact of life that we are hardwired to follow the crowd in a moment of panic.”



“In truth, she hadn't put much thought into whether she was happy before. She supposes that since she never thought about it, she must have been happy. People who are happy don't really need to ask themselves if they are happy or not, do they? They just are happy, she thinks.”



“Aku menolak jadi pilihan keduamu,apalagi ketika aku tak punya pilihan selain terus mencintaimu.”



“Even if I die, you keep living okay? Live to see the end of this world, and to see why it was born. Live to see why a weak girl like me ended up here... And the reason you and I met.”

“Even if I die you keep living okay? Live to see the end of this world, and to see why it was born. Live to see why a weak girl like me ended up here... and the reason why you and I met.”

“All the broken hearts in the world still beat”

“Today we're younger than we're ever gonna be”

“What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you?
And what am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're OK?
I'm falling to pieces”

“But nothing was said about chicken farming anymore. Once, long after it was too late for farming, he might catch her crying and pet her a bit. 'What's the matter, little baby? You got a fever? You want to take the night off?' She might murmur something about candling eggs, but he wouldn't be able to understand what she meant. And after a while she cried on without knowing what she meant either, as a girl cries over a bad dream long after the dream is forgotten.
In time the tears dried. She could no longer cry over anything. All the tears had been shed, all the laughs had been had; all the long spent. Leaving nothing to do but to sit stupefied, night after night, under lights made soft beside music with a beat, to rise automatically when someone wearing pants pointed a finger and said 'that one there.”



“If we had met five years ago, you wouldn't have found a more staunch defender of the newspaper industry than me ... I was winning awards, getting raises, lecturing college classes, appearing on TV shows, and judging journalism contests. So how could I possibly agree with people like Noam Chomsky and Ben Bagdikian, who were claiming the system didn't work, that it was steered by powerful special interests and corporations, and existed to protect the power elite? And then I wrote some stories that made me realize how sadly misplaced my bliss had been. The reason I'd enjoyed such smooth sailing for so long hadn't been, as I'd assumed, because I was careful and diligent and good at my job ... The truth was that, in all those years, I hadn't written anything important enough to suppress ...”



“It was very sad under the trees. Although spring was well advanced, in the deep shade there was nothing but death-rotten leaves, gray and white fungi, and over everything a funeral hush.”

“I am falling in love with falling out of love”

“She knew the way of things. She knew if
you weren't always stepping lightly as a bird the whole
world came apart to crush you. Like a house of cards.
Like a bottle against stones. Like a wrist pinned hard
beneath a hand with the hot breath smell of want and
wine. . . .”

“If that was the last event of the night, it would have made a terrible ending. It was just the beginning, though.”



“It was over before I even had a chance.”




“People that hold onto hate for so long do so because they want to avoid dealing with their pain. They falsely believe if they forgive they are letting their enemy believe they are a doormat. What they don’t understand is hatred can’t be isolated or turned off. It manifests in their health, choices and belief systems. Their values and religious beliefs make adjustments to justify their negative emotions. Not unlike malware infesting a hard drive, their spirit slowly becomes corrupted and they make choices that don’t make logical sense to others. Hatred left unaddressed will crash a person’s spirit. The only thing he or she can do is to reboot, by fixing him or herself, not others. This might require installing a firewall of boundaries or parental controls on their emotions. Regardless of the approach, we are all connected on this "network of life" and each of us is responsible for cleaning up our spiritual registry.”

“Jason knew his life would never be the same again. British intelligence now had an ace up their sleeve, and Jason had to overcome his fears and deal with the secret world he was now a part of.
He would have to grow a tough shell around himself. Despite his many friends, his grandparents and love of his father, he was painfully aware he was very much alone in this world. When it came down to it, there was only one person he could really rely on in the world,
and he was called Jason Steed.”



“Do you ever get the feeling that when you show someone your affection for them, you are assaulting them? Like you should probably leave them alone? Your affection, no matter how sincere, does not necessarily mean a damn thing to the person you are giving it to. Love can corner you. When you intrude on someone with your affection, you might find yourself trying to knock a strong door down with your shoulder. Either you break the door or you break yourself. Something almost always gets broken. In my mind it runs like this:
I’m going to like you, whether you like it or not. I’ll wear you down until you relent and swallow this big lie I have for you. Don’t move. Don’t live. I love you.”



“But—I’m leaving.”
Not without me.”



“I wish we would all just fall apart so I wouldn't have to listen to the downfall happen, so slowly, so painfully.”



“Dream big!
But not so big that it becomes a mess, and you may never reach reality.”

“Or rather, he was sad because that morning he'd understood that he'd understood nothing, because while he still understood nothing he wasn't sad at all, but now that he'd understood that he'd understood nothing he felt sad, if you follow.”



“Was I happy? Maybe more content than
bouncing-off-the-sofa-like-Tom-Cruise-ecstatic, but that’s still happy isn’t it?”



“We are like Humpty Dumpty and all these king's horses and all these king's men cannot put us back together again”

“I knelt in front of life, folded my hands and prayed for some more time; there couldn't be any. My heart bled and so did my tearful eyes.
Time, they say, flies, but I saw it slowly passing by taking each of my tardy breaths with it as it walked out of my life...”

“But we know that we are no longer the same, and not only know that we are no longer the same, but know in what we are no longer the same, you wiser but not sadder, and I sadder but not wiser, for wiser I could hardly become without grave personal inconvenience, whereas sorrow is a thing you can keep on adding to all your life long, is it not, like a stamp or egg collection”



“Everything in this world exists to wear you down.”

“It always starts out that way," Kanin said, and his voice was distant, as if remembering. "Noble intentions, honor among new vampires. Vows to not harm humans, to take only what is needed, to not hunt them like sheep through the night.”



“It's too short,' she said, 'ever so much too short.' Never did anybody look so sad. Bitter and black, half-way down, in the darkness, in the shaft which ran from the sunlight to the depths, perhaps a tear formed; a tear fell; the waters swayed this way and that, received it, and were at rest. Never did anybody look so sad.”



“The thing is that when you find true love.... it lives on.
No matter if you two seperate but the love stays alive; broken, gasping for breath, love and affection, but in agony, waiting for everything to end. But Sadly, It lives on... in memories and thought's.”

“If love were human I would’ve set them on fire by now — a screaming blaze of smoke and flesh. I’d breathe in the blackness once more just to feel love’s destruction, its mortality filling in the hollow of my ribcage without a heart.”



“A shabby looking old man was walking their way. It must be a relative of one of the men, wandering in the wrong direction as they often did. Where were they going to put this one? He was wearing a pulled-down hat and he had a long beard. He was weaving towards her, his feet tripping unsteadily.Even though she could not see his face, there was something oddly familiar about him. She stared hard, trying to make it out. He put up his hand and waved. She stared again. "That's your father," said Tom.”



“Your this beautiful ship that will sail a long way, and I'd only be your anchor"
"A ship without an anchor can never be at rest”



“There are various wounds to describe our hurts;the deepest one is the most painful.”

“If people were rain i was drizzle and she was a hurrican.”

“Never let the salt of your tears be tasteless in grief.”

“I felt like a trophy child, someone he had around to show off. It felt like it was more important that his daughter was perfect—but, I was his daughter and I was neither of those things. I worked hard to get my grades, and I tried so hard to meet his expectations, but I failed. Over and over again, I fell short. I didn't measure up. That feeling never faded.”



“I just wished they'd see Mari, their daughter. I wished they saw how much I liked art and how much I didn't want to dedicate my life to something I wasn't passionate about.”



“What was once my FUTURE is now my
PAST”

“Love is like fire.Leave it alone and you will be okay,play with it and you get burnt”

“It seems I am doing all the right things, when it comes to love, to the wrong people.”

“Pain whispers
through silent words
entombed in scars
shyly palpable
in fleeting glimpses
briefly allowed”

“But I comforted myself with the thought that the reward for every discomfort I suffered for God was a spiritual blessing.”



“J Abrams was driving off into the big stupid vermilion sky, and even though the color had been my favorite, I was sure that from now on, every time I looked at it I would feel nothing but sadness.”



“She had awoken this morning and slipped the amethyst ring off her finger. It had felt liked a blessed release, a final shadow lifted from her heart.”




“Chasing a man is not winning. The only thing you win is the loss of your dignity. Confidence is knowing your value, instead of expecting a man’s love to provide you with value.”

“We are more than the worst thing that's ever happened to us. All of us need to stop apologizing, for having been to hell and come back breathing.”

“The core of your
true self
is never lost.
Let go of all the
pretending and
the becoming
you've done just
to belong.
Curl up with your
rawness and come home.
You don't have to
find yourself;
you just have to
let yourself in.”

“What is it like when you lose someone you love?" Jane asked.
"You die, too. And you wait around for your body to catch up.”



“Your flesh is not a reflection of your soul. So when you look in the mirror, remember that your light outshines your flaws.”

“I watched the moon alone, unable to share his cold beauty with anyone.”



“You realize you've forgiven people, your past and yourself when you don't speak bad about them anymore, even if you're encouraged to do so, even if you remember you were once brutally broken because of them...
you just move on, let go, let them be and let yourself be...”

“Mortals dies." said Catarina. "You've always known that, and yet you've loved them before."
"Not," Magnus said, "like this."
Catarina inhaled in surprise. "Oh," she said. "Oh..." She picked up her drink. "Magnus," she said tenderly. "you are impossibly stupid."
He narrowed his eyes at her. "Am I?"
"If that's the way you feel, you should be with him," she said. "Think of Tessa. Did you learn nothing from her? About what loves are worth the pain of losing them?”



“I want to celebrate the sadness that makes you feel everything so deeply.
I want to throw a party for the wounds that make you so unabashedly human.”

“I really can't handle talking about this for too long because it hurts too much, but I want to say that there is one thing I've learned about people they don't get that mean and nasty overnight. It's not human nature. If you give people enough time, eventually they'll do the most heartbreaking stuff in the world.”



“I would if somebody would want to but of course nobody would want to so I wouldn't want to force anybody to want to.”

“The whiskey was a good start. I got the idea from Dylan Thomas. He's this poet who drank twenty-one straight whiskeys at the White Horse Tavern in New York and then died on the spot from alcohol poisoning. I've always wanted to hear the bartender's side of the story. What was it like watching this guy drink himself out of here? How did it feel handing him number twenty-one and watching his face crumple up before the fall of the stool? And did he already have number twenty-two poured, waiting for this big fat tip, and then have to drink it himself after whoever came took the body away?”



“i want the moon tattooed on my wrists
my grandmother keeps asking me to pray,
i don’t have the heart to tell her that my
poems are the only God i have left in me
my mother keeps leaving without saying goodbye
i wish she’d let me cut my hair in the 7th grade,
maybe i’d know how to deal with loss by now
i told myself i’d stop kissing boys who didn’t know my name
i said, i’d stop picking at my bones like broken decorations,
i’d quit with the smoking and the drunken poems, and when
i said things like “my bones are heavy” i would only mean it
as a good thing
heavy bones can’t be broken,
you can’t break heavy bones”

“Where had they all gone to, he often pondered; those threads he had once held together, how far had they scattered, some to break, others to weave into unknown patterns? The strange randomness of the world beguiled him, that randomness which never would, so long as the world lasted, give meaning to those choruses again.”



“the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings”



“It kills me sometimes, how people die...”

“There're a lot of things you don't understand." Zachary smoldered his gaze at me. "I came looking for you, and then when I found out where you were, suddenly it didn't seem worth it. It wasn't you. It was everything and nothing. Life. Ma's death. Talking to anybody. Not worth it”



“You make me want things that I can't have.”



“When was the last time someone ran their fingers through the knots of your soul?”

“I hate telling people this. I never know exactly how my voice is going to sound saying it, and I hate the stricken looks they get on their faces when they don't know what to say back.”



“He was foolish enough to fall completely in love with someone who didn't think he had a heart.”



“I am afraid that if I start to sob, I will never stop until I shrivel up like a raisin.”



“...and all the people said 'What a shame that he's dead, but wasn't he a most peculiar man?”

“She leaned against him slightly, and his heart pounded in his chest. He let go of her hand and scooted away a bit. He could not let her like him, he was only her protector, and that's how it would remain.”



“I hate telling people this. I never know exactly how my voice is going to sound saying it, and I hate the stricken looks they get on their faces when they don't know what to say back.”

“There are beautiful things in the world and there are sad things and when they come together they make a star. The light is far away and the strangest part is that the light is inside you.”



“His shirt is covered in my sorrow and stained with my tears.”



“Lo que al principio te parezca malo demostrará ser bueno. Y lo que crees bueno resultará ser malo.”



“Someone somewhere may be one of the most important person to you currently but you will always be nothing more than a backup plan to them.”

“After a year in therapy, my psychiatrist said to me, 'Maybe life isn't or everyone.”




“The words come out of my mouth, but they don’t sound like me. I don’t sound like me. Probably because I know it’s all lies. But I can see that they’re lies that Reeve believes. He swallows them whole. His eyes go blank. Empty. He completely shuts down.”



“I'd love to promise a lifetime to you. I just don't have one to give.”



“In you i thought i had found,
someone to share lifes ups and downs.
Friends then lovers, I did it right,
each day with you in felt so bright.
But i was a fool to think it could last,
that for me your heart could beat as fast.
Where i gave you my heart for free,
you only ever loaned yours to me.
In hindsight the warning signs were there,
but i was too loved up, too happy to care.”

“Life for me is just a result of experiments being performed by far more developed creatures.”

“It's a sad and beautiful world.”

“You will face hard times in life. Sometimes they are supposed to come, sometimes not. Get through them no matter what, 'cause the good life is always on the other side.”

“Anlarsın niçin uzak yerlere baktığımı. İçinde yaşanmaz bir dünyada yaşıyorum.”

“We took a bowl each and started eating. He went back into the little room, and by the time he returned to the table with his own bowl of food to eat with us, we had already finished. He was shocked and looked around to see if we had done something else with the food.”



“But things are so bad, I feel like I’m going to explode if I don’t do something.”



“There was this constant urge in me to tear my insides apart,
I didn't know why. By the time I made my mind that it was impossible for me
to do, there alighted the fear, haunting me with the words that rang
constantly in my head, "You're not brave enough".
I didn't feel devastated, I felt the urge to be devastated.”

“Sometimes stars do fall to earth. It was true. They did and then became commonplace like the rest of the dirt on the planet.
His star was one of a kind.
He would never allow her to be like any other. Never allow her to be common or sullied.
No, her place was in the sky. With her family.
With her stinking pet wolf. Never with him. "Have a nice life, princess.”



“Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
This means the when you go to sleep you close your eyes and you are and look like you are dead but then when you wake up it looks like you are reborn because you are up and ready.”

“We are so keen in our #pursuitofhappiness that we forget to be #happy!!”

“Once the tugboat takes you out to the ocean liner, you got to get all the way on board. Can't straddle both decks.”

“Miranda was dark, like a midnight sky. But as she fell, her eyes shone like stars themselves.”

“The child tells me her grandmother
showed her how to cure sadness
by sucking the juice of an orange,
while standing on a beach.
Toss the peels onto a wave.
Watch the sadness float away.”



“Then, all of a sudden, those pea-green lawns where the first scarlet poppies were flowering, those canary-yellow fields which striped the tawny hills sloping down to a sea full of azure glints, all seemed so trivial to me, so banal, so false, so much in contrast with Ayl's person, with Ayl's world, with Ayl's idea of beauty, that I realized her place could never have been out here. And I realized, with grief and fear, that I had remained out here, that I would never again be able to escape those gilded and silvered gleams, those little clouds that turned from pale blue to pink, those green leaves that yellowed every autumn, and that Ayl's perfect world was lost forever, so lost I couldn't even imagine it any more, and nothing was left that could remind me of it, even remotely, nothing except perhaps that cold wall of gray stone.”



“It was a strange moment, like when you get sad after sex, and it feels like it's too late in the afternoon, even if it's morning, or night, and you turn away from the other person, and they turn away from you, and you lie there, and when you turn back towards them you can both see each other's moles. Usually there seem to shadows from Venetian blinds all across your legs.”



“ដើម្បីផ្តល់ក្តីសុខអោយមនុស្ស អ្នកខ្លាំងតែងលាក់ទុក្ខព្រួយ មិនអោយមនុស្សដែលខ្លួននឹងត្រូវផ្តល់ក្តីសុខអោយនោះដឹងទេ ទឹកមុខតែងតែញញឹមដើម្បីជាទីពឹងសំរាប់មនុស្ស តែក្នុងចិត្តទឹកភ្នែកហូរពេញបេះដូង មិនងាយនឹងនិយាយរឿងលំបាកក្នុងខ្លួនអោយអ្នកដទៃដឹងទេខ្លាចគេពិបាក នឹងអស់ទីបង្អែក រឿងខ្លះមិននិយាយដល់ថ្ងៃស្លាប់ តើអ្នកយល់អារម្មណ៍បែបនេះឬទេ? Being sad is my favourite. លួចពួនសំងំសោកសៅ ម្នាក់ឯងជាចំណូលចិត្តរបស់ខ្ញុំ។ ជីវិតអ្នកខ្លាំងឯកោណាស់។ ក្នុងជាតិនេះបើខ្ញុំបានញញឹមតែម្តងសំរាប់ខ្លួនឯងនោះគឺជាសេចក្តីសុខពេញមួយជីវិតរបស់ខ្ញុំហើយ។ តែខ្ញុំមិនដែលបានញញឹមដើម្បីខ្លួនឯងម្តងណាសោះ។មានទុក្ខយើងអាចនិយាយរឿងទុក្ខនោះប្រាប់អ្នកដទៃបាន នោះក៏វានៅគ្រាន់បើដែរ តើវាធ្ងន់បន្ថែមលើទុក្ខទៀតនោះ គឺត្រូវញញឹមលាក់ក្តីទុក្ខដែលខ្លួនមាន ដើម្បីផ្តល់កំលាំងចិត្តដល់អ្នកដទៃទៀត។ អ្នកអាស្រមៃដល់អារម្មណ៍បែបនេះទេ?”

“People first make unhappy, then say stay happy.”

“I was so happy that my mother, father, and two brothers had somehow found one another. Perhaps my mother and father have gotten back together, I thought.”



“I have never been sad because my losses are my profits”

“She knew for a fact that she wasn't going to sit around and wait for some miracle to happen. She wasn't going to watch the storm in front of her and pretend like nothing had happened. Yes, Allah is expecting her to be patient and keep on marching forward”



“បើអូបាម៉ាមិនមែនជាប្រធាននាធិបតី ទំនងពាក្យដែលគាត់និយាយមិនសូវមានអ្នកចាប់អារម្មណ៍ទេ
នេះជាចរិកពិតរបស់ប្រជាជនអាច្ឆារយ្យនៃកម្ពុជា។ មេរៀនជីវិតជាច្រើន ការលះបង់ ដើម្បីទង្វើរសប្បុរសទាំងឡាយរបស់ LDP ត្រូវបានជនជាតិខ្លួនឯង មើលរំលង។ ពូជសាសន៍មួយនេះ មិនមែនជាពូជសាសន៍សាងអង្គរទេ គឺសមណាស់ដែលបរទេសគេថា ចារិកខ្មែរ អញ្ចឹង មិនគួរអីសាងអង្គរកើតទេ?”

“សារជាតិរបស់មនុស្សគឺលំបាកកែបំផុត។ សម្រាប់គួរអនាគត, បើអ្នករកឃើញថាសារជាតិរបស់គេ មិនត្រូវជាមួយអ្នក, ចូលអ្នកចាកចេញពីគេចុះ ទោះបីជាពេលនេះអ្នកស្រឡាញ់គេ ខ្លាំងប៉ុណ្ណាក៏ដោយ។ ព្រោះបើអ្នកនៅជាមួយគេ អ្នកនឹងរងទុក្ខ វេទនាជាអនេក។ ប្រៀបដូចជាទឹកនិងប្រេង ទោះបីជាអ្នកបន្ទន់ឥរិយាបទយ៉ាងណាក៏ដោយ ក៏មិនអាចនៅជាមួយគ្នា។ ទីោះបីជាអ្នកខំយកទឹកទៅលាយជាមួយសារជាតិផ្សេងៗ ដើម្បីបន្ស៊ីជាមួយប្រេង ក៏ធាតុទាំងពីរនេះមិនអាចចូលគ្នាបានដែរ។”

“I love nine hundred and ninety nine facial expressions of Jemma Garner, none of them is sad look.”



“ស្ថានភាពនារីរត់តុម្នាក់កាលពីថ្ងៃមុន ដែលខ្ញុំបានជួបនូវហាងសាច់អាំងមួយកន្លែង ខ្ញុំមានអារម្មណ៍សង្វែកចិត្តណាស់ នៅពេលដែលគាត់ធ្វើការមួយយប់ៗ បានប្រាក់ខែ ប្រហែលពី១០០ ទៅ១២០ដុល្លារប៉ុណ្ណោះ ប៉ុន្តែគាត់ប្រើទូរស័ព្ទiPhone5 ទោះមួយទឹកក្ដី ក៏វានៅតែថ្លៃគួរសមសម្រាប់ស្ថានភាពគាត់។
តើយុវជន យុវនារីខ្មែរប្រភេទមួយនេះ មានច្រើនប៉ុណ្ណា ដែលមិនស្គាល់ពីតម្រូវការពិតប្រាកដរបស់ខ្លួន ហើយបែរត្រលប់ទៅជាចំណាយញើសឈាម រត់តាមសង្គមដែលគ្មានតម្លៃអ្វីទាល់តែសោះ។ ប្រើជីវិតរស់នៅទៅតាមតែចិត្តដែលគ្មានការអប់រំ ដោយមិនគិតពីគុណប្រយោជន៍នៃជីវិតដែលកើតមកជាមនុស្ស។
អ្វីដែលធ្វើអោយខ្ញុំតឹងទ្រូង នោះគឺថា
តើខ្ញុំត្រូវយកមេរៀនរបស់ LDP បញ្ចូលអោយអ្នកទៅតាមណា ដើម្បីអោយវាចូលទៅដល់ក្បាលរបស់អ្នកតែម្ដង កុំអោយវានៅទើត្រឹមតែកន្លែងណាមួយ?”

“បើការធ្វើនយោបាយ បាននាំសំណាងដល់អ្នកនយោបាយ នោះគឺជាការកំពុងនាំរឿងអភព្វ មកអោយពលរដ្ឋម្ចាស់ប្រទេសហើយ៕”

“Now you're dead, and I'm buried.”

“It is so good to have friends who understand how there is a time for crying and a time for laughing, and that sometimes the two are very close together.”




“It's been a year and 3 months since we've kissed, and I rather have the ghost of his mouth on my lips than kiss anyone else.”

“Another day another life
Passes by just like mine
It's not complicated
Another mind
Another soul
Another body to grow old
It's not complicated”

“I’m so fucking tired of being alone. I was scared that he’d tell me to fucking leave. Because that means going back to a life I can’t see for myself anymore.”



“I cry and wonder
how I'm going to fall asleep
because sleeping means waking
and going through all this again”



“And that's just it. This is how it is. Always. To pay attention to things. People. It's too easy to fail other people. And the good-byes. You never have the time you think. It brings tears to my eyes. I blink them away.”



“Sarra looked at her daughter and said reproachfully, "Speaking of war, I never raised you to be always fighting and killing. That's not woman's work."
"It's needful, Ma. You taught me a woman has to know how to defend herself."
"I never!" gasped Sarra, indignant.
"You taught me when you were murdered in your own house," Daine said quietly.”



“it is horrible being all alone.”



“Black funeral dress. Black heels. Black headband in my hair. Death has a style all it's own. I'm glad I don't have to wear it very often.”



“In her room death would come as a friend, a friend with cool gentle hands . . .”



“I felt angry,
frustrated.
I felt I didn't belong, not in my,
church, not in my home, not

in my skin.”



“Don’t you realize the Internet is just a way for millions of sad people to be completely alone together?”



“How did I not see it? Pain is everywhere. I'm just another sorry story. All these people wearing smiles, dragging themselves around--do they all know already? Do they realize how fast the world can change?”



“If beauty is pain — let me get lost in it. If you’re my salvation — I want to earn it. If love is all I have to give — then let me give it. You. It’s all for you.”
Gabe’s eyes opened and locked in on mine.
“How can I prove that what I feel is real? You ask for truth I give you lies. You ask for joy I make you cry. But I don’t want to lose you. Not like this. Not when I’ve left your heart in such a mess. Give me one chance — I’m letting go of the past — but I need you here to know.”
“If beauty is pain — let me get lost in it. If you’re my salvation — I want to earn it. If love is all I have to give — then let me give it. You, it’s all for you.” He paused, hitting the last few notes, and the song ended.
Gabe’s smile lit up the room.
But I was frozen in place.
Me. He’d sung that to me.”



“Could you be happy if you woke up and suddenly you were no one special?”

“The faery lady looked at Hettie curiously from beneath her wig. "You know..." she said, very softly. "All I wanted was that you would be my friend. That isn't very much to ask, is it? Doesn't everyone in the Smoke Lands have a friend? Doesn't everyone have someone?" She smiled pitifully and looked away. "I wanted a little person who would be mine, because no one else is. Life is so lonely when one lives as long as we do, in such a horrible, horrible house. But you never wanted to be my friend. You never, ever did.”



“There is something beyond limits,in every relationship.”

“I realized that whilst crying over the loss, the living did not seem adequate because they were not my loved one. The room full of strangers hurt me profusely. Even as I saw thousands of young people; I felt incomplete and more saddened because the one I wanted to see was buried.”



“
Today
Today is the day that good things come your way,
and then bad things to suck all the fun from your play.
Today is the day that you stub every toe;
blow your nose on a sleeve thinking no one will know.
Today is the day the sun bursts from the clouds,
and sunbeams rain down as you smile and sing loud.
Today is the day that you meet someone new.
You'll tickle his fancy―he'll tickle yours too.
Today you spend beaming; you'll sigh with a frown.
You'll buoy up all happy and cry when let down.
Today is the day you will figure things out,
'cause today is called
life
and that's what life's about.”



“When you are Happy with Someone,
You never cares about those, who are Unhappy without you.”

“I hope we meet again," said Ramman.
"I do too," Tel Hesani said, then added underneath his breath, "Although I fear it won't be in this world.”



“It wasn't the same. I'm pretty good at making the best of things, but it wasn't the same.”



“apart from being suicidal I'm fine”

“What’s left of what your body was —once the girl with bare shoulder blades , giggling, once the girl galloping an imaginary horse, once the girl sleeping in her sequined red dress— was now ash in a jar. Grains of bone. But then, I knew it wasn’t you anymore. You were somewhere more.”

“We are creatures of rage and madness and bitter tears and we knew that from the start. Our end was disaster and we knew that from the start. We knew it all from the start.”



“done coma, walking/talking,art, cookery. scouts then wrote two books, asked for help, gave a book to HRH Princess Anne, tried publisher, got another DEGREE, now Google Gillian Mk2, what else can I do?”



“There is already enough wars in this world. Love was not meant to be one of them, Save the ammunition.”

“Well, it hurts but that maybe the only way.”



“Kamu selalu bisa membuat aku tertawa, tapi juga selalu bisa membuat aku menangis.”



“Gue cuma pengen lo ngerasain rasanya dibohongin. Nggak enak, kan?”



“We don't get to choose if we get hurt in this world, old man, but we do have a say in who hurts us. I know I like my choices. I hope she likes hers.
I do, Augustus.
I do.”




“She was a mind floating in an ocean of confusion.”



“She loves him so
but he didn't stay.
The wind can't blow
this storm away.”



“You try hard, but you don't succeed.. So you try harder, and harder... But you still just don't succeed, you give it a try once more; only realising its never going to work out the way you want it to. But then again, you remember; you've tried so much. You've tried to please, you've tried to love and you've tried to care. You think to yourself, "Why should I keep on going?" You try so hard, what's the point.. No one accepts you for who you are, no one sees you for who you are, no one takes the time to ask how you feel, no one takes the time to bother.. But then there's you... You try, and try. And you just give up hope, because its just so much easier!”

“You can plan on a change in the weather and time, but I never planned on you changing you mind.”

“It’s not TIME that heals everything, it is SLEEP...
Sleeping is the perfect answer to all doubts and troubles.
Leaving the world of reality behind and disappearing in to a world of make-believe and imaginations, is a solace you get from nothing else...”



“A big sacrifice is coming, and you won't have the courage to make it. That will cost you dearly. It will cost the world dearly.”



“maybe if people weren't so careless, then nothing would need to be caged.”



“Everybody’s got sad stories.” Devon’s voice was as ungiving as stone. “And everyone thinks they’re so very special and broken because of them.”



“He offered his love ... she could not bother,
She gives her love to the other! The other!”



“What if you wake up one fine morning only to realize that the life you have been living since the last few days was nothing but a dream of yours?
Would you go back to sleep then?
I wake up each morning only to realize you're not by my side. And if this emptiness is nothing but a nightmare, let me wake up and go back to the time we were together...”

“If I had to choose a moment in time when I knew my life would be different going forward—when I knew I would be different—this would be it.”



“I felt significantly insignificant, as if my presence in the world, albeit small, was still necessary.”



“I always knew death of this relation would beat the death out of my life.”

“She had never had a daydream that dreamed itself, like nightmares. That crawled out of her brain like a creature of the dark. A daymare.”

“Two people occupying the same air. Nothing else in common. Just oxygen.”



“Look into My eyes and tell me "Do you hate me ? ”

“And at the closing of the day
She loosed the chain, and down she lay;
The broad stream bore her far away,
The Lady of Shallot.”

“She had a sense of herself being brain dead: running on tubes and machines.”



“Whenever you are depressed ,write your signature on a paper and write and write finally you ll have pain in you hand than your mind.”

“I guess you have to born in the Pit to find light where there isn’t any.”



“Pity that child who was born near Rouen,
His only crime, to arrive deformed.”



“There is a untold sad story behind everyone's status 'SINGLE'.”

“I confidently walked up to the counter, and his friends moved to the side to let me through. I handed him the note. "Happy Birthday," I said. Then I smiled and walked out of the store. I did my crossing-the street trick again, lurking in the shadows and watching. I could see him turn the note over in his hand, open it and read, then turn it over again. He passed it to his friends, who passed it between them. Then I watched him make a shrugging gesture with his hands. And then they were all laughing again. My mortification was total and overpowering. I was suddenly having a very difficult time standing. I had experienced a perfect note of utter and true clarity. He was straight.”



“When you come out of the storm you won't be the same person that walked in. That's what the storm is all about.”

“One probably hears about it.
One, wire, recognizes.
One holds her bones up next to each other.
One insists, grinding the clutch.
One would powder and powder.
One would ask out of the back of the throat.
One refuses.
One is so sad.
One is helpful all of a sudden.
One turns.
One shimmers; hiccups.
One puts on a tie and keeps finding a place for his hands.
One breathes the old purple.
One nods because no one speaks loud enough anymore.
One doesn't approve, but trusts.
One is so sure.”



“We were a bit like bacon and eggs, where y'know, the chicken is involved, but the pig is really committed? I totally gave myself to it just as we promised, "for better or worse", and you didn't see it like that.”



“Quand Hélène revint […] elle pensait que jamais ils ne s’étaient moins aimés que ce jour-là.”



“Fear manifested itself as a physical presence that
seemed to dominate the public sphere. Time almost stopped. Even without
confirmation I could sense that something had gone terribly wrong.”



“Всички носим следи от някакво крушение. Ние сме слепци, които опипват пътя. Аз живеех в пълен мрак и нямах никакъв път.”



“Every morning I sit at the kitchen table over a tall glass of water swallowing pills. (So my hands won’t shake.) (So my heart won’t race.) (So my face won’t thaw.) (So my blood won’t mold.) (So the voices won’t scream.) (So I don’t reach for knives.) (So I keep out of the oven.) (So I eat every morsel.) (So the wine goes bitter.) (So I remember the laundry.) (So I remember to call.) (So I remember the name of each pill.) (So I remember the name of each sickness.) (So I keep my hands inside my hands.) (So the city won’t rattle.) (So I don’t weep on the bus.) (So I don’t wander the guardrail.) (So the flashbacks go quiet.) (So the insomnia sleeps.) (So I don’t jump at car horns.) (So I don’t jump at cat-calls.) (So I don’t jump a bridge.) (So I don’t twitch.) (So I don’t riot.) (So I don’t slit a strange man’s throat.)”

“it is so dark now with the sadness of
people
they were tricked, they were taught to expect the
ultimate when nothing is
promised
now young girls weep alone in small rooms
old men angrily swing their canes at
visions as
ladies comb their hair as
ants search for survival
history surrounds us
and our lives
slink away
in
shame.”




“I am only my money. It is all anyone sees, even Adam.”



“It's sad that in a world of billions, people can still feel isolated and alone. Sometimes all it takes to brighten up someone's day is a smile or kind word, or the generous actions of a complete stranger. Small things, the tiny details, these are the things that matter in life — the little glint in the eye, curve of a lip, nod of a head, wave of a hand — such minuscule movements have huge ripple effects.”

“Such a pity, really; the prey falling for the predator. The victim in love with the killer... A mere mortal girl thinking a demon was capable of love.”



“How are you going to forget him if you keep talking about him? Darling, when things go wrong in life, this is what you do. You lift your chin, put on a ravishing smile, mix yourself a little cocktail... and out you go.”



“we are houses eaten by rivers because we do not know their smell.”



“I looked at sky this morning and realized summer is almost gone which really made me sad because it doesn't seem as though its been here at all.”



“My children, who don't know they play on a graveyard.”



“No, I don't think I've been defiled. But I haven't been saved, either. There's nobody who can save me right now, Mr. Wind-Up Bird. The world looks totally empty to me. Everything I see around me looks fake. The only thing thay isn't fake is that gooshy thing inside me.”



“Pity, I've learned, is like a fart. You can tolerate your own, but you simply can't stand anyone else's.”



“Now I lay down on this tree and felt a lonely sadness coming over me in waves. Slow tears ran from my eyes and trickled into my ears. I thought, 'I even cry in a humble, common way, with tears flowing into my ears.' But the humble, common tears had relieved me[...]”



“I sunk to my knees in the spot he had left me. I felt a part of me had just been lost. I was fraught with so many emotions, confused by them all; however, I was hurt more than anything. Hurt to hear him call himself a monster. A monster? Of all the things I thought he was, a monster was not one of them.”



“There is a untold sad story behind everyone's status 'SINGLE'.”

“Never make a promise which you think is hard to keep. Never make a promise though!!”

“En acısı da ne biliyor musun? Aslında sana hiç sahip olamadığımı, seni kaybettiğimde anlamış olmam!”



“Meğer her şeyimmiş gibi davranan hiçbir şeyimmişsin sen! Aslında hiçbir şeyimi kaybettim ben!”



“No one can hurt me now 'cause i have stopped permitting them.”

“Whenever my phone blinks fist thought come to mind is u and only u.”

“I didn't have all the answers, but at least I had a goal. Revenge. Who cared if it would eat me up inside and leave me hollow?”

“…He sounded as though he had just seen The Pokey Little Puppy meet the business end of The Little Engine That Could.”



“You are rotting away, you are falling to pieces. What are you? A bag of filth. Now turn around and look into that mirror again. Do you see that thing facing you? That is the last man. If you are human, that is humanity. Now put your clothes on again.”



“sometime am feeling proud to have ma loneliness but, sometime am so feeling lonely.”

“Live life so well that, even if you die, the empty seats behind you will tell the story that, "yea, this soul did what God sent him/her to do". Give life and hope into your family, village, community, country, continent and the world at large. You can do it!”



“What a sad thing I thought
-- to live in a world so concerned with the lives of others,
we forget to live our own.”

“Life is war, war is game so life is game. Either lose or win. Know it earlier”

“This is why we said 'ain't'
and 'he don't'.
We wanted words to fit
our cold linoleum,
our oil lamps, our
outhouse. We knew
better but it was wrong
to use a language
that named ghosts,
nothing you could touch.”

“Странно е, че всички грешки свършват еднакво, че винаги ги повтаряме и продължаваме с нови надежди. Цяла нощ хапем устни, хълцаме във възглавницата с безпомощен гняв и твърдо се заклеваме да останем самотни, а щом съмне, поднасяме душата си като нежен балон от цъфнало глухарче на насрещните ветрове на живота и те го ронят и разнасят. Ала който спаси само едно малко пухче и го внесе на завет, той е спасил цялата си душа. Това е горчива работа, но който не обръща нежното цвете на душата си към ветровете на изпитанията, дори цялото да го спаси и да го пренесе докрай, той не може да почувства, че изобщо някога го е имал.”



“It is irritating when someone talking to me,When she is not talking”

“There is a untold sad story behind everyone's status 'SINGLE'.”

“Will you let me go for Christ's sake? Will you take that phony dream and burn it before something happens?”




“Love lies in those unsent drafts in your mailbox. Sometimes you wonder whether things would have been different if you'd clicked 'Send'.”

“We're all guilty of dedicating time to people who didn't value it.”

“Once you hit rock bottom, that's where you perfectly stand; That's your chance of restarting, but restarting the right way.”

“When reading the history of the Jewish people, of their flight from slavery to death, of their exchange of tyrants, I must confess that my sympathies are all aroused in their behalf. They were cheated, deceived and abused. Their god was quick-tempered unreasonable, cruel, revengeful and dishonest. He was always promising but never performed. He wasted time in ceremony and childish detail, and in the exaggeration of what he had done. It is impossible for me to conceive of a character more utterly detestable than that of the Hebrew god. He had solemnly promised the Jews that he would take them from Egypt to a land flowing with milk and honey. He had led them to believe that in a little while their troubles would be over, and that they would soon in the land of Canaan, surrounded by their wives and little ones, forget the stripes and tears of Egypt. After promising the poor wanderers again and again that he would lead them in safety to the promised land of joy and plenty, this God, forgetting every promise, said to the wretches in his power:—'Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness and your children shall wander until your carcasses be wasted.' This curse was the conclusion of the whole matter. Into this dust of death and night faded all the promises of God. Into this rottenness of wandering despair fell all the dreams of liberty and home. Millions of corpses were left to rot in the desert, and each one certified to the dishonesty of Jehovah. I cannot believe these things. They are so cruel and heartless, that my blood is chilled and my sense of justice shocked. A book that is equally abhorrent to my head and heart, cannot be accepted as a revelation from God.
When we think of the poor Jews, destroyed, murdered, bitten by serpents, visited by plagues, decimated by famine, butchered by each, other, swallowed by the earth, frightened, cursed, starved, deceived, robbed and outraged, how thankful we should be that we are not the chosen people of God. No wonder that they longed for the slavery of Egypt, and remembered with sorrow the unhappy day when they exchanged masters. Compared with Jehovah, Pharaoh was a benefactor, and the tyranny of Egypt was freedom to those who suffered the liberty of God.
While reading the Pentateuch, I am filled with indignation, pity and horror. Nothing can be sadder than the history of the starved and frightened wretches who wandered over the desolate crags and sands of wilderness and desert, the prey of famine, sword, and plague. Ignorant and superstitious to the last degree, governed by falsehood, plundered by hypocrisy, they were the sport of priests, and the food of fear. God was their greatest enemy, and death their only friend.
It is impossible to conceive of a more thoroughly despicable, hateful, and arrogant being, than the Jewish god. He is without a redeeming feature. In the mythology of the world he has no parallel. He, only, is never touched by agony and tears. He delights only in blood and pain. Human affections are naught to him. He cares neither for love nor music, beauty nor joy. A false friend, an unjust judge, a braggart, hypocrite, and tyrant, sincere in hatred, jealous, vain, and revengeful, false in promise, honest in curse, suspicious, ignorant, and changeable, infamous and hideous:—such is the God of the Pentateuch.”



“Akhirnya, ada beberapa hal yang aku nggak ahli, kan, K?
I can't tell you how I love you. That's just—way beyond my vocabulary
.”



“The hard part is that I lost myself. In the midst of life happening all around me, I lost the ability to be okay, I lost the ability to trust. I lost the ability to love myself, and when that happens, you lose everything. And when the one person in the entire world who loves you unconditionally is gone, then you start wondering who will love you? And then when you start wondering, you get scared that you have to even ask that question. But since you have already asked yourself that, you can’t ignore it. Who will love you now? Who could possibly love everything about you, now that the only person in the world who could, is gone? Hell, you don’t even love yourself. Why would someone else? And then when you realize that, the relationship you’re in seems pointless. Because you start believing that they won’t ever be able to withstand your problems and craziness. And then that snowballs to even more insecurities and fear, and you feel trapped in this broken body that can’t ever be healed. And then you feel lost, torn, broken, unfixable, damaged, and like nothing in the entire world could ever possibly be okay again. Because you know from the past, that even when everything seems okay, another devastating blow comes around again and knocks you back down. So you feel even smaller, even weaker. By that point you’re at the bottom, you’re looking up in tears, ready to scream for help. But you’re not sure who’s going to be there, and if the person who does show up, is going to be the person you need, the person who’s going to pick you up, and help you heal. And then you realize again, that you lost yourself. That in the midst of life happening all around you, you lost ability to be okay.”

“God is such a cruel god
for making you so wonderful,
and for making me so weak.”



“Sometimes I feel so alone in the world. A tiny speck of nothing in a sea of emptiness.”

“[Robert's eulogy at his brother, Ebon C. Ingersoll's grave. Even the great orator Robert Ingersoll was choked up with tears at the memory of his beloved brother]
The record of a generous life runs like a vine around the memory of our dead, and every sweet, unselfish act is now a perfumed flower.
Dear Friends: I am going to do that which the dead oft promised he would do for me.
The loved and loving brother, husband, father, friend, died where manhood's morning almost touches noon, and while the shadows still were falling toward the west.
He had not passed on life's highway the stone that marks the highest point; but, being weary for a moment, he lay down by the wayside, and, using his burden for a pillow, fell into that dreamless sleep that kisses down his eyelids still. While yet in love with life and raptured with the world, he passed to silence and pathetic dust.
Yet, after all, it may be best, just in the happiest, sunniest hour of all the voyage, while eager winds are kissing every sail, to dash against the unseen rock, and in an instant hear the billows roar above a sunken ship. For whether in mid sea or 'mong the breakers of the farther shore, a wreck at last must mark the end of each and all. And every life, no matter if its every hour is rich with love and every moment jeweled with a joy, will, at its close, become a tragedy as sad and deep and dark as can be woven of the warp and woof of mystery and death.
This brave and tender man in every storm of life was oak and rock; but in the sunshine he was vine and flower. He was the friend of all heroic souls. He climbed the heights, and left all superstitions far below, while on his forehead fell the golden dawning, of the grander day.
He loved the beautiful, and was with color, form, and music touched to tears. He sided with the weak, the poor, and wronged, and lovingly gave alms. With loyal heart and with the purest hands he faithfully discharged all public trusts.
He was a worshipper of liberty, a friend of the oppressed. A thousand times I have heard him quote these words: 'For Justice all place a temple, and all season, summer!' He believed that happiness was the only good, reason the only torch, justice the only worship, humanity the only religion, and love the only priest. He added to the sum of human joy; and were every one to whom he did some loving service to bring a blossom to his grave, he would sleep to-night beneath a wilderness of flowers.
Life is a narrow vale between the cold and barren peaks of two eternities. We strive in vain to look beyond the heights. We cry aloud, and the only answer is the echo of our wailing cry. From the voiceless lips of the unreplying dead there comes no word; but in the night of death hope sees a star and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing.
He who sleeps here, when dying, mistaking the approach of death for the return of health, whispered with his latest breath, 'I am better now.' Let us believe, in spite of doubts and dogmas, of fears and tears, that these dear words are true of all the countless dead.
And now, to you, who have been chosen, from among the many men he loved, to do the last sad office for the dead, we give his sacred dust.
Speech cannot contain our love. There was, there is, no gentler, stronger, manlier man.”



“Always a BOY FRIEND, never a BOYFRIEND.”



“We are inside soft, sweet and pure white despair.”



“...and said with the softness of repressed violence, 'I am not one to stick his neck out; it is a bit of a reach. I was waiting for the smallest sign that you could love me... I never got it.”

“For some, like me, writing comes at a price. My best creations were written while I was emotionally ripped open. I've spent some scenes so mentally self-exposed that I could barely see what I was writing. And as I sit here-my heart pounding, heaviness threatening to pull my heart down to my stomach, I ask myself this question...are you ready to bleed some more? I smile and without pause, I pull up my current WIP.”

“Only Gatsby, the man who gives his name to this book, was exempt from my reaction -- Gatsby, who represented everything for which I have an unaffected scorn ... No -- Gatsby turned out all right in the end; it was what prayed on Gatsby, what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest in the abortive sorrows and the short-winded elations of men.”



“You want to hear it? Fine. It’s a simple story really, about a pretty girl who was pretty stupid. She let a man touch her because she was scared to say no, and then she told her parents because she was scared to say nothing. Then they were scared to do anything that might ruin their pretty little lives, so they told the girl that it was nothing. That just being touched wasn’t enough to fight for. Too scared to prove them wrong, she kept going like it was nothing, and she let more people touch her, never knowing that she was handing out pieces of herself. Or, hell, maybe she knew deep down, and she just hated herself so much that she was glad to be rid of them. And life wasn’t pretty, but it also wasn’t scary until she met a man with two names who touched her without taking and made her miss the pieces she had lost. And now things aren’t just scary, they’re fucking terrifying, and I can’t do it. I can’t live like this, knowing all that I’ve ruined and that it can’t be fixed.”



“She wanted to get some personal profit out of things, and she rejected as useless all that did not contribute to the immediate desires of her heart, being of a temperament more sentimental than artistic, looking for emotions, not landscapes.”



“He caught my hands as they pulled through my hair, and pulled my body against his, and I felt all the holes in me. My sobs echoed through them like caverns, and I never would have thought empty could be made of such weight.
I couldn’t breathe around it.”



“Flowers that bloom in the winter may not survive till spring.”

“Make love to me,” she whispered. “If you make love to me then it is two of us. There is just one of him when he takes my blood, but we are two.” “We are two and more than two,” he whispered in her ear, and then he lifted her and carried her to the bed.”



“At least the tears on my desk wipe away the dust that's covered this place”

“I write about love all the time, what a tragedy those stories turn into.”

“I heard Tash say: Nomi, you’re sad man. Get a grip. Walk away. What have I taught you? And I thought: You taught me that some people can leave and some can’t and those who can will always be infinitely cooler than those you can’t and I’m one of the ones who can’t because you’re one of the ones who did and there’s this old guy in a wool suit sitting in an empty house who has no one but me now thank you very, very, very much.”



“I glory in the emotionally commonplace”



“Let us ride our own orbits and trust that they will meet. May our reunion be not a finding but a sweet collision of destinies!”



“i see tear drops flow from youre eyes and relise life is sometimes hard but crying is not something to be ashamed about”

“The choice was whether to be sad and foolish or sad and reasonable.”



“By making sad ones happy, we find our happiness!”

“I destroyed myself because I thought no one will destroy me that way but I guess I was wrong... they're stonger.”

“Elle avait fini par se résoudre à sauter du véhicule quand une énorme explosion retentit au loin [...]. Le bruit secoua le carrosse qui continuait de s’éloigner, réveillant Elena qui jusque-là dormait profondément. [...] Ses yeux s’emplirent de larmes avant qu’elle-même ne se mette à crier, leurs voix résonnant en écho dans le désert de dunes.”



“And the rain drops kept falling like the sweetest music
leaving tears on the glass,
which is what music does to me
most of the time
but silence too. and rain.”

“You don't have to tell me everything right away, but I have to tell you everything right away? Can't you see how stupid that is?”




“It could be yesterday
when I was less in love
I think
For I didn’t see you in the mirror
behind me
while getting dressed.
The way your hands couldn’t stay away
and our bodies always found their ways back to each other
as if they were meant to be together
Close.
But then it was today and I saw you
again
in the mirror
behind me while getting dressed
So I go to sleep tonight
alone
without actually falling asleep because I’m scared of the moment I will wake up
and realise it was just a dream
You’re actually gone.
Now all I can do is get through to another tomorrow
hoping that I will be less in love
again
Like yesterday
But not today.
I was never really well with things at all.”

“روعة الحياة في العشق
و لعنة العشق الإدمان
فإن غاب أحد الحبيبين
توقف قلب الأخر عن الخفقان
فمهما تراسلوا أو تحدثوا
فالقرب وحده لهما الأمان
قلوباً في الشتات تتألم
و أشجان تصيب بالهذيان
حزن مستمر بلا مسكنات
لا منه هروب أو نسيان”

“Sometimes your eyes are not the only place the tears fall from.”

“You can not go back. That's why it's hard to choose. You have to make the right choice. As long, as you don't choose, everything remains possible.”



“April 43rd 2000
Today is the day of great triumph. There is a king of Spain. He has been found at last. That king is me. I only discovered this today. Frankly, it all came to me in a flash.”



“People says it gets easier. People are stupid."
-Vlad”



“I think this is one bad side of a mirror; it helps us to see the reflection of the effects of our own actions on ourselves. We smile and it smiles back to us, we frown and it frowns to us. How I wish it shows us the reflections of the effects of our actions on other people as well so that we will be conscious!”

“With her mouth closed, her mind screamed.”

“An awfulness was deep inside me, and I couldn't fight it; forced into submission and taken hostage by it, I could only just lie there, let it wash over me, and let myself be consumed by it. If I cooperate, maybe it won't stay too long; maybe it'll let me go free. But if I fight it, it might stay longer just to spite me. So I decided to let The Feeling inhabit me as long as it desired, while I lay still, cautious not to incite me, secretly hoping it would leave me soon and bother someone else, but outwardly, pretending to be its gracious host. The most discouraging element of what I felt was my inability to understand it. Usually when I was filled with an unpleasant feeling, I could make it go away, or at least tame it, by watching a light-hearted film or reading a good book or listening to a feel good album. But this feeling was different. I knew non of those distractions could rid me of it. But I knew nothing else. I couldn't even describe it. Is this depression? Maybe once you ask someone to describe depression, he can't find the words. Maybe I'm part of the official club now. I imagined myself in a room full of people where someone in the crowd, also suffering from depression, immediately noticed me-as if he detected the scent of his own kind-walked over, and looked into my eyes. He knew that I had The Feeling inside me because he, too, da The Feeling inside him. He didn't ask me to talk about it, because he understood that our type of suffering was ineffable. He only nodded at me, and I nodded back; and then, during our moment of silence, we both shared a sad smile of recognition, knowing that we only had each other in a room filled with people who would never understand us, because they didn't have The Feeling inside them.”



“Put me
underneath God's sky and
know me
don't just look at me with your eyes
Take away
this mask of flesh and bone and
see me
for my soul
alone”



“You can't be gone. I need you here, with me. What am I going to do without you?”



“She walked away too far for me to call... and for her to hear my voice.”

“Saying sorry doesn't mean there isn't guilt & forgiving doesn't mean that the pain is gone.”

“...But still, even now, to think of it, I feel something akin to that happiness. And I've more reason now than ever to say that happiness is not what I will ever know, or will ever deserve to know. I am not so much in love with happiness. Yet the name Paris makes me feel it.”



“Reality is knowing that you will get hurt. That there’s no stopping it, but you still try. Even after you’re hurt, you first want to suffer through it, for some reason thinking the afflictions will help. You find out later that the remedy is time. Time supposedly heals everything. How can you know though? Is it when you forget or when it doesn’t hurt to think about it anymore?”



“I called Isaac, who cursed life and the universe and God Himself and who said where are the goddamned trophies to break when you need them, and then I realized there was no one else to call, which was the saddest thing. The only person I really wanted to talk to about Augustus Waters’s death was Augustus Waters.”



“I miss you so much! And while this hole in my heart will never be filled again, I find comfort knowing that you are nestled within the loving embrace of God… and that I was blessed to know you… even if only for a little while.”

“The total number of people who understand relativistic time, even after eighty years since the advent of special relativity, is still much smaller than the number of people who believe in horoscopes.”

“It's the end of the summer. It's the end of it all. Those days are gone, it's over now, we're moving on.”

“Life is a process of changes; happy and sad.
Life is beautiful; and Life is happiness”

“Darling, even raindrops try to wipe my teardrops but your thoughts haul out more tears from my liquid eyes and then teardrops replace raindrops...”

“Our education system is today run by left-wing elitists who believe the US is too big, too arrogant, and must be reigned-in... Real sad.”



“ reality sucks, that's probably why we dream. Why our bodies need sleep. So we can escape. Escape this earth, at least just for a little while. Everynight, we get to go away. Sleep is the only time I feel safe. The only time I can leave this place. This reality that feels like needles sticking into my flesh. This hell that is so hot it makes my hair sweat. Makes mymind melt. In my sleep I hear music, I see faces, songs and smiles and dad hugging me tight. Never letting me go. Telling me to be strong. Telling me not to give up hope. Sometimes I wake up crying. Sometimes I wish I didn't wake up at all" - jamie adoff”

“I am so sorry to hear of
's passing. I will miss his scientific insight and advice, but even more his humor and stubborn integrity. I remember when one of his colleagues complained about
's always rejecting his manuscript when they were sent to him to referee.
said in effect, 'You should thank me. I am only trying to protect your reputation.' He often pretended to consult me, a fellow atheist, on matters of religious protocol.
{
Charles H. Bennett's letter written to the family of Israeli physicist,
}”

“You don’t have to sleep with guys,” I whispered, “to make them like you.”
Kya stared at me for a moment with heavy eyelids. “You don’t get it, do you, Gracie? I sleep with them so they won’t like me.” My heart broke for her a little more.”



“life is like a tree, when you feeling down the leaves fall off.”

“{...]I began to feel tears of frustration build up in my eyes, yearning to free themselves from their glandular prisons.”



“Cause sometimes what makes you two is shadow and you.”

“Esti singur in vartejul suferintei tale si daca vrei sa iesi trebuie sa tragi aer in piept si sa te scufunzi pana se sfarseste. Mai degraba iubeste-o pana cand iubirea ti se face apa si se scurge prin toti porii. Iubeste-o in absenta. Va fi ca si cum te-ai arunca de nebun intr-un zid. De sute, de mii de ori. Neclintit, zidul iti va rupe oasele, pielea ti-o vei zdreli, iti vei sfasia hainele pana cand te vei fi prelins in praful de la baza lui. Un somn lung te va cuprinde, apoi te vei trezi ca dupa un cosmar pe care vei incerca sa-l rememorezi. Soarele diminetii nu-ti va da timp si vei uita. Cu fiecare zi care va trece vei mai fi uitat putin cate putin...Vindeca-te singur. E tot ce poti face pentru tine.”




“You never know when you might be seeing someone for the last time.”



“If you had to pack your whole life into a suitcase-not just the practical things, like clothing, but the memories of the people you had lost and the girl you had once been-what would you take?”



“Aiden was gone. Like Caleb, but in a different way. I'd lost both of them.”



“She is no longer a person in his life; instead, she is a person that other people will remind him of.”



“It was like this blackness that crept into the corners of my life until everything was grey and dirty. My insides felt burnt out, like if you cut me open, all you would find would be smoke. No heart. No bones. There was nothing left, just the anger. It followed me everywhere. It sat on my bed and watched me sleep and when I had to eat, it looked at me across the table.”



“Her secret fear? Maybe she didn't tried hard enough.”



“Some boys walk by and you cry, seeing them. They feel good, they look good, they are good. Oh, they're not above peeing off a bridge, or stealing an occasional dime-store pencil sharpener; it's not that. It's just, you know, seeing them pass, that's how they'll be all their life; they'll get hit, hurt, cut, bruised, and always wonder why, why does it happen? how can it happen to
them?
”



“How did my world get so small?”



“Lily slumped, putting her shaking hands on his shoulders. "But you will, won't you?" Pansy's voice broke into a sob.
"Yes, Pan," Galen said quietly.
"I don't like that," Pansy said. Galen stood and put his arms around the fine-boned girl, while Rose continued to comfort Lily. Oliver looked away. It was such a private moment; he hated to intrude on it. Galen was beloved by all of the sisters, but the love between him and Rose was so clear and shining that it hurt to look at them, spending their last hours together caring for the other girls.”



“You are lucky to feel sadness.”

“A photo frame with many pictures is the best present ever for a long trip. I can almost feel all those moments..”

“Tis torture, and not mercy. Heaven is here Where Juliet lives, and every cat and dog And little mouse, every unworthy thing, Live here in heaven and may look on her, But Romeo may not.”



“Ari!" Jeb had finally seen his son. He rushed to Ari's side and knelt next to him. Looking stunned, he gathered Ari's hulking form and held him to his chest. "I'm so sorry." I saw his mouth shape the words, though I couldn't hear them. "I'm so sorry." He bent over Ari's form, mindless of his vulnerable position.”



“His fingers splayed out while my heart slammed against his hand.
"How did i ever stay away from you ? I heard this calling out for me everyday." I could feel is breath across my face,his words so sad,filled with so much regret."Did you here mine?"
"yes",I breathed out as my whole body began to shake under his."My heart only beat because I could still feel your love.It was the only thing i had.”



“I don't drink to make others look better, I just drink to make myself feel prettier.”

“When sweet lullabies are whispered into the sky, my heart is filled with with the sorrow of time.
So when the kiss of a midnight moon ends, drop sweet nothings to fill my ear.
Too many years to be sincere, and too many lost favorites that were never there.
A tear or two, and maybe three; apathy is-and may not be me. ”

“The word felt good, liberating. So, I repeat it. "Fuck." Then, again. And again. Because it made me someone else, someone normal and happy, someone who used words like that, like St. John. I repeated it, over and over until she walked away, wounded. Then, I was glad. And still, I kept repeating it, because that was the only thing that kept me from crying.”



“In a matter of moments, I awakened to a life that wasn’t mine. It was like peering into a dark hidden world that I wasn’t supposed to know about and that my mind didn’t want to believe existed.”



“In the beginning we start with roses. The king’s flower right? Only they wilt in less than a day, especially when exposed to the elements. But Carnations? Oh, what a beautiful flower. They come in every color. True, some are painted, but that doesn’t mean they are less beautiful, and they never wilt.”



“However, sexual anorexics do have a definite profile that separates them from the larger population of those having difficulty being sexual: They are often extremely competent people who are committed to doing things very well and have a fear of making mistakes and being human.”



“How could she trust this man, so imprecise with his words, to take care of the burial? To say there had been a loss was ludicrous; one lost a shoe or a pair of keys. You did not suffer the death of a child and say there was a loss. There was a catastrophe. A devastation. A hell.”



“But life has a way of chopping people off at the knees, and he was no exception. Ten years of his life had been stolen from him. Now he wasn't wasting another minute. He wanted to experience everything he had missed, to eat and drink and read and work and fuck as he pleased. His dreams were smaller now, but they were still dreams, and he was going after them with everything he had.”



“Leave a person alone who had a unpleasant past if you cant make his future a pleasant, you would do worse”

“How can we trust our loved one, when there is mouthful of lies.....”

“Dont come for me!.... I didn't send for you!”



“Becky was a weed.  Nobody ever wanted them taking over the bigger, prettier plants.  People went to all extremes to make them go away.  They sprayed poison, pulled until the roots gave way. They felt only like their garden was complete when every tendril was extirpated.  This was how she felt from birth.”



“Just because you fall down doesnt mean your hurt in the process yet mabey you found your lost ear ring”

“It's hard to pretend you're OK. Especially when you're all by urself, alone. :'(”

“Without direction, the respiratory technician goes to the head of the bed. She takes the tubing, attaches it to the oxygen, and turns it on as high as it will go. She provides a seal with her hand cupped over the plastic mask, over the nose and mouth of the toddler, and methodically provides oxygenated air. Doyle’s tiny chest rises and falls while I listen with my stethoscope. I am reaching for another breathing tube.
“Fib!” Dr. Pedras feels for a pulse while another places gelled pads on her chest.”



“I looked at Mommy but quickly shook my head. "I don't want to miss her."
Becky put her soft, warm hand on my shoulder, just like Mommy used to when I was upset. "Your mom wants to be here with you. She wants that very much. But Jesus wants her with him right now."
I frowned. "I need her more than Jesus does.”




“How foolish to yearn to ask the very person who'd caused the pain to heal it”



“I know she is crying. Her tears fall on the wrong side, into the bottomless well inside her.”



“You're letting me go?"
He curled his upper lip, his expression painfully bitter as he took a step back from me.
"Apparently... I never had a hold of you." He turned sharply, and without another word striding down the street into the dark.
Braden never once looked back and that was a good thing.
If he had, he'd have seen Jocelyn Butler crying real tears for the first time in a long time, and he would have known that I'd lied. And lied big. For anyone who saw me, knew they were watching a heart in the process of it breaking.”



“We have the greatest power through love that can be known. It overcomes everything with its fierce and steady truth, if you can continue to stand in it.
You can call love to you, directly from the original stream of consciousness, anytime you feel weak or fearful, and you will be given strength and courage.
You can call love to you, directly from the original stream of consciousness, anytime you feel sad or alone, and you will feel embraced and comforted.
Call love to you if you feel vulnerable. Feel its purity come to you from the universe and flow round you like a miraculous mother cradling its innocent child.
Breathe love in. Say to yourself as you breathe deeply “I love. I am loved.” Say it over and over as you breathe it into yourself and out to the universe, until you really feel and believe that you ARE LOVE.
Feel love pour into your lungs as you breathe. Feel it circulate round your body to fill every organ, every limb, and every cell. Vibrate with its radiance, and share it.”

“Marriage to the groom does not means that his heart belongs to the bride.”

“icen que a lo largo de nuestra vida tenemos dos grandes amores; uno con el que te casas o vives para siempre, puede que el padre o la madre de tus hijos, esa persona con la que consigues la compenetración máxima para estar el resto de tu vida junto a ella.
Y dicen que hay un segundo gran amor, una persona que perderás siempre. Alguien con quien naciste conectado, tan conectado que las fuerzas de la química escapan a la razón y te impedirá, siempre, alcanzar un final feliz. Hasta que cierto día dejarás de intentarlo. Te rendirás y buscarás a esa otra persona que acabarás encontrando.
Pero te aseguro que no pasarás una sola noche sin necesitar otro beso suyo, o tan siquiera discutir una vez más. Todos sabéis de qué estoy hablando, porque mientras estabais leyendo esto os ha venido su nombre a la cabeza.
Te librarás de él o de ella, dejarás de sufrir, conseguirás encontrar la paz (le sustituirás por la calma), pero te aseguro que no pasará un día en que desees que estuviera aquí para perturbarte…
Porque, a veces, se desprende más energía discutiendo con alguien a quien amas que haciendo el amor con alguien a quien aprecias.”



“Is the love you have for me, and the feelings I have for you forever parallel, with no chance of intersecting?”



“And so Gollum found them hours later, when he returned, crawling and creeping down the path out of the gloom ahead. Sam sat propped against the stone, his head dropping sideways and his breathing heavy. In his lap lay Frodo's head, drowned in sleep; upon his white forehead lay one of Sam's brown hands, and the other lay softly upon his master's breast. Peace was in both their faces.
Gollum looked at them. A strange expression passed over his lean hungry face. The gleam faded from his eyes, and they went dim and grey, old and tired. A spasm of pain seemed to twist him, and he turned away, peering back up towards the pass, shaking his head, as if engaged in some interior debate. Then he came back, and slowly putting out a trembling hand, very cautiously he touched Frodo's knee--but almost the touch was a caress. For a fleeting moment, could one of the sleepers have seen him, they would have thought that they beheld an old weary hobbit, shrunken by the years that had carried him far beyond his time, beyond friends and kin, and the fields and streams of youth, an old starved pitiable thing.”



“No. I made that choice. I let all that anger and pain get twisted up in my thoughts for you.” He leaned in. “It fucking kills me. Every night. I relive what I did to you every night.” His forehead rested against mine. “Until you,” he said softly, “I never felt truly helpless.”



“You're surrounded by people and voices and noises, but there you are, alone and trembling inside. And you want to be invisible. (thinking) Please, don't notice me.”



“Stay away from any minute of joy that can bring you a lifetime of sorrow.”

“The children we bring into the world are small replicas of ourselves and our husbands; the pride and joy of grandfathers and grandmothers. We dream of being mothers, and for most of us that dreams are realised naturally. For this is the Miracle of Life.”



“It is not possible to express the most precious insights,
To see all that craves to be seen,
To visit even the closest neighbors in the universe,
To learn all that needs to be learned,
To live without dying,
And I am sad about it.
But I lived
And I am happy about that.”

“I know my mouth is agape and my eyes are wide, but I'm relieved that hope isn't a tangible thing, because everyone around me would see mine crumbling.”



“Did you ever think about boys?' I say, staring up into the dark.
'There wasn't room,' she whispers, and her voice is unbelievably sad. 'At first, after Connor, I was just waiting. I was going to get a new boyfriend soon- as soon as I was prettier or better, more perfect. But after a while there was no room for anything else. If I though about kissing or sex, I just started feeling ugly, too awful for anything good.”



“Oh! To live alone, always alone, in the midst of the crowd that surrounds me, without a word of love ever coming to gladden my soul, without a friendly hand reaching out to me!”



“De câte ori auzea de o femeie care și-a lăsat bărbatul pentru altul, mama-ntreba: <> Problema pentru mine n-ar fi să mă despart de cineva. De când m-am desparțit de tine, consider bărbații posibili din viața mea ca pe-o excursie, ca pe-o vacanță. O excursie, o vacanță pot fi frumoase, de neuitat, dar nu sunt un stâlp pe care să-ți sprijini existența.”



“I should have seen it coming.” The words don’t surprise me, but they piss me off. I pull away and glare down at her. “Don’t you fucking dare, Nell Hawthorne. Don’t you dare put this on yourself. You should never have to see shit like this coming.” She backs away, stunned and afraid by the intensity I know is radiating off me. “Colton, I just meant he’s always shown—” “Stop. Just stop right there. Granted, you should’ve never gotten involved with a douchetard like him, but that’s no excuse for what he did.”

“The heavy soul will not pass though the body is failing.”



“YOU DEMAND SALVATION EVEN AS YOU STEAL FROM THE COLLECTION PLATE.
YOU SEND FOOD TO THE REFUGEES, AND THEN YOU DON'T ALLOW THE DELIVERY TRUCKS THROUGH THE WARZONES. THE FOOD WILL SPOIL , THE SUPPLIES WILL BE SOLD BY THE VICTORS . THE CIVILIANS WILL STARVE AND SICKEN AND EVENTUALLY DIE.
IT IS THE WAY OF THINGS. THEY WILL ALL DIE, WHETHER FROM THE BRUTAL SAVAGERY THAT IS UNIQUE TO MAN OR FROM THE ABUNDANCE OF DISEASE OR FROM THE SCARCITY OF SUSTENANCE.”



“You’re going back?” asked Bod. Things that had been immutable were changing. “You’re really leaving? But. You’re my guardian.”
“I was you’re guardian. But you are old enough to guard yourself. I have other things to protect.”



“If God gave Dad Alzheimer’s, He’s got to understand when Dad forgets what church he belongs to.”



“She saw it in her mind's eye like a movie playing, the haunting memories from her childhood she couldn't seem to shake blending together into one raw, aching image. Her mother lying in a darkened room for days, her face swollen with tears. The inevitable ashtray overrun with ashes, the acrid scent of pot smoke in the air. The bed or couch or futon may have been different from year to year as Evie moved them around from apartment to commune to funky cottage, but her mother was always the same. Falling hard for some man, immersing herself in romantic fantasies that were crushed when the guy left. And the guy always left. Her mother's inability to get a grasp on reality had too often left Mischa to care for her younger sister, to care for her mother, from too young an age. She remembered shaking Evie awake, trying to get her to eat. To get up and take a shower, take her and Raine to school. No kid should have to do that. No kid should have to witness the way Evie had allowed herself to be ravaged by love. No woman should allow that to happen.”



“He flipped it open, gently tugged out the oft-touched photo and looked into a pair of familiar golden eyes. "She's happy, Andie," he whispered to his wife. Andromeda Quinn did what she always did. She smiled back at him, her beautiful eyes lit with that bright, golden light Harold Quinn loved so fucking much.”



“Wait," I say. "Aren't soulmates supposed to be perfect? What if you find yours and shes not a virgin, not even a girl? What if he's a fixer upper? What if he has an STD?”



“I took one look at his composed face and know he doesn’t understand,
because if he did understand, he would be weeping, too, for this boy who loved a world that never loved him.”



“Death is the saddest part of life.”

“Upturned face.
Parted lips.
The good-night kiss he couldn’t leave without.
Only, Megan’s lips were stiff and unyielding. She didn’t pull away. It might almost have been better if she had. Instead, she’d allowed the kiss to occur, taking it with the same cool detachment offered in her words.”



“Saige, Mother is . . .” I briefly close my eyes and swallow, clearing my mouth from saliva. “Mother is dead.”



“Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but i feel more lonely in a crowded room with boring people then i feel on my owm.”

“I didn't want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that's really sad.”




“Think of that person you knew when you were a kid, who you always thought you could have loved completely and forever.Well, you could have. It’s the truth, and it’s the saddest and simplest thing. There isn’t just one person for each of us in the world. There aren’t many, but there are always a few people we could have made it with, that maybe we still want to make it with, that press themselves so close to our hearts they leave scars, and then slip through our fingers and disappear from our lives. And it doesn’t make a difference if you’re thirteen or ninety- eight because some things you feel are real, no matter when.”



“I won't let that night ruin you forever." But it did, it broke me into a million pieces and blew them away in the wind, like crumbled leaves.”



“It's just hard," Harry said finally, in a low voice, "to realize he won't write me again”



“My whole life has been one big broken promise.”



“She’s a commodity in a sea of broken girls.”



“I'm sad at you.”



“. . . you don’t need a happy ending to move onto a happy beginning.”



“Im here and he’s not. That I’m alive and he’s…”



“I do not view suicide as wicked, just terribly sad. There is only one death, but it is like a stone cast into a pond - the ripples stretch far. Such an act must leave a burden of sorrow, guilt, shame and confusion on an entire family. A natural death, such as my father suffered, is hard enough to deal with. A decision to end one's life must be still more devastating for those left behind. I cannot imagine the degree of hopelessness someone must feel to contemplate such an act.”



“Pain is pain...Just because one person's problem is less traumatic than another's doesn't mean they're required to hurt less.”

“My brother," Will growled. "And your friend. You'd better not treat him the way you treat me.”



“Slowly he took out the clothes in which, ten years beforem Cosette had left Montfermeil; first the little dress, then the black scarf, then the great heavy child's shoes Cosette could still almost have worn, so small was her foot, then the vest of very thich fustian, then the knitted petticoat, the the apron with pockets, then the wool stockings.... Then his venerable white head fell on the bed, this old stoical heart broke, his face was swallowed up, so to speak, in Cosette's clothes, and anybody who had passed along the staircase at that moment would have heard irrepressible sobbing.”



“...don't act like I didn't for you.
I did. Hard. And for a long time.
So please, forgive me if now that we're over, I'm exhausted.”

“One by one the angels had come to the top of Har Megiddo where I sat, holding her body close to mine after she'd died. I'd fought alongside them in battle, but up close, when they stood quietly watching us, they looked as beautiful as they looked unreal. the angels weren't supposed to feel emotions, but they were all weeping. All of them. Their tear stained their flawless faces like rain running in rivulets across stone. Azrael was the only one of then who came to me, knelt in front of me and took her from my arms. He was the angel of death come to carry his sister home. I din't want to give her up, knowing it would be the last time I ever saw her face. I had died on that wretched hill with her.”



“There is a silence so great that I can hear the ice crystals cracking and falling from eyelashes of girls who will never blink again.”



“Every child should have love, every person should have it. She herself would rather have had her mother's love - the love she still continued to believe in, the love that had followed her through the jungle in the form of a bird so she would not be too frightened or lonely.”



“Liz: What's it like in hell?
Ketut: Same like heaven. Universe is a circle, Liss. To up, to down -- all same, at end.
Liz: Then how can you tell the difference between heaven and hell?
Ketut: Because of how you go. Heaven, you go up, through seven happy places. Hell you go down, through seven sad places. This is why it better for you to go up, Liss.
Liz: You mean, you might as well spend your life going upward, through the happy places, since heaven and hell -- same destinations -- are the same thing anyway?
Ketut: Same-same. Same in end, so better be happy on journey.”



“There's not much left inside me, Max" Sometimes, all she heard were echoes.”



“She wasn't a cruel Bird. But her heart ached so badly for these sad, broken birds that, just as the Puppeteer had planned, she had begun to hate them. She hated them for making her feel so wretched, when she should be happiest. That happens sometimes.”



“We were his disposable things. Brought to him like cattle. Stripped of what made us sisters or daughters or children. There was nothing that he could take from us—our genes, our bones, our wombs—that would ever satisfy him. There was no other way that we would be free.”



“If you love something, let it go. If it does not come back it was not yours to began with.”

“I’m alone, stumbling through the city in the dark, trying not to let the night freeze my blood.”



“She walked among the stars,
The princess of the heavens,
Looking for the one who caught her crystal tears
That spilled out from liquid ice blue eyes-
Rolling down pale cheeks-
Then sealed up tenderly...
In pearl alabaster jars...”

“PERMALINK · 169465 · 15 HOURS AGO
"She tried to feel sad, or guilty, or even to be angry about the way things had happened, but there frankly wasn’t much room in either her head or her heart for wishing or moping.”



“Now I understand why women want to have children - it's simply the urge to create happiness for yourself, somehow to fill the oppressive, unbearable emptiness in your soul.”



“Yes i am sad because i want to be happy, if never want to be a happy i never became sad”

“- en nu wist ze ook al evenveel van hem als hij van haar: dat hij voor de bioscoop een studio had gehad en daarvoor roadie was geweest. Behalve dan dat hij een Fender had viel er over hem verder niets te vertellen.”



“Cursing will create a hole in a whole Heart.”

“You don't even like me, remember?" That's what I try to say. What actually comes out of my mouth is closer to a baby's first attempt at babbling.
"Shh." He runs his fingertips along my cheek, caressing my face. "Hush. I'm right here." He looks at me with deep anguish in his eyes. Like there's so much he wants to tell me but feel it's too late now.
I want to stroke his face and tell him that it will be okay. That everything will be all right.
And I wish so badly that it would be.”




“He did not know or care whether they were wizards or Muggles, friends or foes; all he cared about was that a dark stain was spreading across Dobby's front, and that he had stretched out his thin arms to Harry with a look of supplication. Harry caught him and laid him sideways on the cool grass.
"Dobby, no, don't die, don't die -"
The elf's eyes found him, and his lips trembled with the effort to form words.
"Harry...Potter..."
And then with a little shudder the elf became quite still, and his eyes were nothing more than great glassy orbs, sprinkled with light from the stars they could not see.”



“When it’s quiet in my head like this, that’s when the voice doesn’t need to tell me how pathetic I am. I know it in the deepest part of me. When it’s quiet like this, that’s when I truly hate myself.”



“You really need stitches," she tells me."Or you're going to have a scar." I try not to laugh. Stitches aren't going to help. They fix skin, cuts, wounds, heal stuff on the outside. Everything broken with me is on the inside. "I can handle scars, especially one's on the outside.”



“I want to believe that memories, even sad and painful ones, should not be forgotten forever.”

“She felt happy these days, yet there was always an undercurrent of sadness just below the surface”



“Letting go. Everyone talks about it like it's the easiest thing.”



“That night it did not rain as much in the sky as it did in his heart.”



“Neville kicked aside the broken fragments of his own wand as they walked slowly toward the door. "My gran's going do kill be," said Neville thickly, blood spattering from his nose as he spoke, "dat was by dad's old wand...”



“I’m sorry,” he tells me.
I sit down on the bed. He returns to the view of the street below. I follow his gaze and I see the infected walking slowly back and forth.
“It’s okay,” I say.
“Okay,” he says. He nods. “Good.”
He puts the gun under his chin and pulls the trigger.”



“my own chocolate center has filled up with poison,
the roses he gave me all twisted black”



“When a friend leaves you, you move on. When a best friend leaves you, part of you is gone”

“I just didn't want to be a loser anymore...
-Mitsuko Souma”



“I would have thought this would make me feel better.. getting to be the one to leave and not the one left behind. But it didn't. Not at all.”



“Where are we—” Kyungsoo yelps as Jongin practically throws him over the window pane of a filthy-rich looking convertible, a treacherous little thing parked up against the curb, all black exteriors and plush white interiors, not even bothering to open the door, “going?”
“To see fireflies,” Jongin says muffling coughs in his sleeves, and it’s only when Kyungsoo buckles up and looks over does he realize that the boy is grinning from ear to ear, “Real ones.”

“I would have kept you safe,' he said.
I closed my eyes, forcing the tears down my cheek to break against the dam of his fingers.
'I know.”

“There are questions Kyungsoo doesn’t ask Jongin. He doesn’t ask Jongin if they can stay together forever, or how many tomorrows are really left, because sometimes the truth is too bright. He can only hold onto the seconds, each gesture, each contact, each syllable. Jongin comes in seconds. Everything comes in seconds.
If only the seconds could last long enough.”

“I'm supposed to a man who never blows his composure
A boy trapped in a war, forced to be a solider
The weight of the world just put on top of my shoulders
But if there's one thing I know for sure
It's that my mind has had its exposure
And my emotional turmoil has finally had its closure”

“they have seen the likes of you before, they may be intrigued by the looks of you, but they know that you-like everyone else-will leave them in the end.”



“Now don’t go thinking nice things about me. You’ll only be disappointed.”



“Now the snow's coming down, and im watching it fall. Watching the people around, baby please come home. Pretty lights on a tree, and im watching you shine. You should be here with me! Baby please come home”

“Tom watched with his arms folded as the life that had been within Kobe died out, and the fire continued.”



“I’m glad I married you too, Harper,” I whispered into her hair, “because I’m in love with you.” But she didn’t hear, gone into a dream.”



“I am lonely, I am lonely, I am lonely, I am lonely, I am lonely. How appropriate that I write this to myself.”



“The past is only making you to spill tears, tears of joy or tears pain. But anyway they are making you sad, for the things you had and will never have again.”

“I was terribly, painfully present in the world, and so far removed from it.”



“There is nothing for you in this bleak hospital room but a cold and empty nothingness that has no answers, can give no peace, will provide no comfort to the living.”



“Love is a Beautiful Thing that makes us to Adjust ourselves Forcely”

“She knows what it is to be sad and miserable, but those emotions are almost enjoyable. They throw moments of happiness and laughter into sharper relief.”



“If shame had a face I think it
would kind of look like mine
If it had a home would it be my eyes
Would you believe me if I said I'm tired of this
Well here we go now one more time
I tried to climb your steps
I tried to chase you down
I tried to see how low I could get it down to the ground
I tried to earn my way
I tried to tame this mind
You better believe that I tried to beat this
[CHORUS]
So when will this end it goes on and on
Over and over and over again
Keep spinning around I know that it won't stop
Till I step down from this for good
I never thought I'd end up here
Never thought I'd be standing where I am
I guess I kinda thought it would be easier than this
I guess I was wrong now one more time
I tried to climb your steps
I tried to chase you down
I tried to see how long I could get it down to the ground
I tried to earn my way
I tried to tame this mind
You better believe that I tried yo beat this
[REPEAT CHORUS]
Sick cycle carousel
This is a sick sycle, yeah
Sick cycle carousel
This is a sick cycle, yeah
[REPEAT CHORUS TWICE]
Sick cycle carousel
Sick cycle carousel
Sick cycle carousel...”

“But a part of me lies buried in lace and roses on a riverbank in France-a part of me is broken off forever. A part of me will be unflyable, stuck in the climb.”




“
Nothing is endless
I know that now
Let me go
V
-Violet's letter”



“Tell her I'm sorry I sold the diamond, eh?" Sammy said. "I broke my promise. When she disappeared in Alaska... ah, so long ago, I finally used that diamond, moved to Texas as I always dreamed. I started my machine shop. Started my family! It was a good life, but Haze; was right. The diamond came with a curse. I never saw her again."
"Oh, Sammy," Hazel said. "No, a curse didn't keep me away. I wanted to come back. I died!"
The old man didn't seem to hear. He smiled down at the baby, and kissed him on the head. "I give you my blessing, Leo. First male great-grandchild! I have a feeling you are special, like Hazel was. You are more than a regular baby, eh? You will carry on for me. You will see her someday. Tell her hello for me.”



“He felt as if his heart had dried up. I needed her he thought. I needed someone like her to fill the void inside me. But I wasn’t able to fill the void inside her. Until the bitter end, the emptiness inside her was hers alone.”



“To be forgotten by the one to whom you never forget is the worst thing ever happens.”

“I am poppies in the field
Red and cold
I am sleeping alone
and
I am light
I am light
I am light”

“He wanted pure compliments, just as he wanted unconditional love.”



“Sometimes I feel like all the crap in the world is building up inside me, like all the bad is just filling me like a balloon. I push it all back, live my happy life.
But sometimes that balloon exposed and all the crap lands on everything around me.”



“Every kid's afraid of that right? That someday you'll be left in a corner, like a toy, staring with button eyes and a broken heart.”

“It seemed so good when it started.
I gave my trust to you.
I came to you open-hearted,
Hoping it was true.
Now I've gotten smart.
Now I've learned some things.
Now I know that what once was a start,
Is just an ending.
The longest good-bye
I ever knew,
The longest good-bye
Was the day
I said hello to you.”



“So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.”



“I love you!" he shouted, his eyes glowing laser green.
"I love you, okay? I'm not some hopeless retard you pull along behind you because you feel sorry for him! I love you and I'm going to prove it!”



“—Y hay más. Tan pronto no van a cortar tu planta de naranja-lima. Cuando la corten estarás lejos y no sentirás nada.
Sollozando me abracé a sus rodillas.
—Ya no me interesa, papá. No me interesa…
Y mirando su rostro, que también se encontraba lleno de lágrimas, murmuré como un muerto:
—Ya la cortaron, papá, hace más de una semana que cortaron mi planta de naranja-lima.
Los años pasaron, mi querido Manuel Valadares. Hoy tengo cuarenta y ocho años y, a veces, en mi nostalgia, siento la impresión de que continúo siendo una criatura. Que en cualquier momento vas a aparecer trayéndome fotos de artistas de cine o más bolitas. Tú fuiste quien me enseñó la ternura de la vida, mi Portuga querido. Hoy soy yo el que tiene que distribuir las bolitas y las figuritas, porque la vida sin ternura no vale gran cosa. A veces soy feliz en mi ternura, a veces me engaño, lo que es más común.
En aquel tiempo… En el tiempo de nuestro tiempo no sabía que muchos años antes un Príncipe Idiota, arrodillado frente a un altar, preguntaba a los iconos, con los ojos llenos de lágrimas:
“¿POR QUÉ LES CUENTAN LAS COSAS A LAS CRIATURITAS?”
Y la verdad es, mi querido Portuga, que a mí me contaron las cosas demasiado pronto.
¡Adiós!”



“I’m lonely, and he can see it. Maybe everyone can see it.”



“You can only shove shit under your bed for so long before it starts moving around and wanting to get out. You can only cope for so long before everything breaks.”

“I like you angry better than weepy.”



“I was girly and friendly and my family life was happy but many days I felt like I was on the inside what Chase was on the outside. I always believed I was a happy person with a sad soul. I felt like I had had tragedy in my life when I hadn’t. Somehow, without having experienced what he had, his scars resonated with me.”



“This whole time, I wasn't waiting for something in particular.
Just someone who wanted me.
Not sex.
But me.”



“He knew that people were staring at him. He looked different. Even different from other Erasers. He wasn't as —seamless. He didn't look as human as the rest of them did when they weren't morphed. He kind of looked morphy all the time. He hadn't seen his plain real face in —a long time.
"I know who you are."
Ari almost jumped —he hadn't noticed the boy slide onto the bench next to him.
He frowned down at the small, open face. "What?" he growled. This was when the little boy would get scared and probably turn and run. It always happened.
The boy smiled. "1 know who you are," he said, pointing at Ari happily.
Ari just snarled at him.
The boy wiggled with excitement. "You're Wolverine!"
Ari stared at him.
"You look awesome, dude," said the boy. "You're totally my favorite. You're the strongest one of all of them and the coolest too. I wish 1 was like you."
Ari almost gagged. No one had ever, ever said anything like that to him.”



“I wasn't a complete bastard. If she liked to think she saw good in me, if she wanted to take credit for it, I'd let her. She deserved that much.”



“This softening she sees in me isn't enough to make me affectionate, but it's just enough to render me inept. I can't give her what she wants — virtuousness — or what she needs — protection.”



“I’d been doing everything to please everyone else and some imaginary me.”



“To me, the most important rules in life are:
1. Never trust people you love.
2. Never trust people you don't love.
3. Never trust people at all.”

“Later, when we've found this mysterious ship of Hector's and are safely away, when I have time to rest and worry and a quiet corner to hide in, I will coldly remember that being a queen means being strategic. And I will imagine sending off the man I love to marry my sister. I'll rehearse it in my head, maybe. Get used to the feeling.”



“He's always been something like a star to me”

“That's not cruel. This is. You come here in the middle of the night, expecting me to be awake, and ask—no, demand—me to give you things that belong to me as much as they belong to you. Never mind what it does to me. Never mind that each time I see you, I wonder if I'll ever hold you in my arms again, or be able to touch you without you cringing away like I'm a monster. I think it's fair to ask if there's an 'us,' my dear, because I suspect you're trying to use me just now. Tell me that's not cruel, and I'll let you go.”



“I get so sad that sad gets to be.
So scared that all my feelings they up and leave me. I got so city girl on you. I go so crazy I don't know what to do.”

“Before the battle they had been discussing whether there might be life after death, and Windham and Rochester had made a pact that if there was, the first to die would come back and tell the other. But, said Rochester, he [Windham] never did.”

“Sometimes When You Are Serious, People Thought You Were Joking, But Sometimes When You Are Joking, People Thought You Were Serious”

“Ah, yeah. Yeah, tis awful all right. Well, your Mam wanted me to talk to you about it, but…’
He stopped; he didn’t know what else to say.
‘Yeah? Ah, I know the score, Dad. She wants me to be careful, is it?’
‘Ah, no. Well, yeah; there’s that, of course. No, she wanted… well, if you’d any questions, you
know?’ I wasn’t sure if he wanted me to say yes, or if he just wanted me to say no, and save him
having to be awkward. He looked lost. I felt like I wanted to save him
‘No, I’ve no questions, Dad. It’s all right, shur.’ He looked at me then. His eyes went wet, like
he was going to start bawling. If we were in a film, he might have hugged me. But we were in
Limerick, so he just said:
‘Well, so,’ and put his one glove back on.
From The Boys of Summer”

“Then the angels, the demon, and the Nephilim flew to distant corners of the sky, leaving a moment's brilliant flash of light behind them, as below, Luce and Daniel fell in love for the first-and the last- time”




“It’s weird like, you can see the cruelest part of the world. The cruelest part. But then on the other side you see the most beautiful part, do you know? And it’s like you go from one extreme to the next and they’re both worth it, because you wouldn’t see one without the other. But that cruel part, is damn cruel and you’ll never forget it. But that heaven…is heaven.”

“You're terribly selfish, you know. I've loved you so long, and it was never dear or precious to you. I might as well have not loved you at all.”



“Maybe if the empty space inside her was filled with love there'd be no room for sad and dark things.”



“Love built on pain-the kind that lasts: whatever you love can be taken away from us at any moment but the loss of what we love belongs to us forever.”



“When you're alone and you feel sad, try reading a book. Try touching someone's heart. Try to imagine what they were thinking, what they wanted to convey. If you do that, you might get something amazing.”



“He looked at the little maiden, and she looked at him; and he felt that he was melting away, but he still managed to keep himself erect, shouldering his gun bravely.
A door was suddenly opened, the draught caught the little dancer and she fluttered like a sylph, straight into the fire, to the soldier, blazed up and was gone!
By this time the soldier was reduced to a mere lump, and when the maid took away the ashes next morning she found him, in the shape of a small tin heart. All that was left of the dancer was her spangle, and that was burnt as black as a coal.”



“The girl danced like light on water. After I'd watched for a while I looked with all of me, not just my eyes, and then I saw the meaning of the dance. I wanted to stop looking because it was so sad, but I couldn't because it was so beautiful.”



“I’m sorry and I believe in you and I’ll always be near you, protecting you, and I will never leave you, I’ll be curled around your heart for the rest of your life.”



“A sob caught in my chest. I didn't even know what a gray was, other than a drab color. All I knew was that I was hungry all the time. And I knew, deep down, that it wasn't just for food.”



“Eve continued with the inexorable process of dying, Zoe spent too much time with her grandparents, and Denny and I worked at slowing the beating of our hearts so we wouldn't feel so much pain.”



“I know that sentence is long and has too many joining words in it but sometimes, when I'm angry, words burst out of me like a shout, or, if I'm sad, they spill out of me like tears, and if I'm happy my words are like a song. If that happens it's one of my rules not to change them because they're coming out of my heart and not my head, and that's the way they're meant to be.”



“Повезло и тебе: где еще, кроме разве что фотографии,
ты пребудешь всегда без морщин, молода, весела, глумлива?
Ибо время, столкнувшись с памятью, узнает о своем бесправии.
Я курю в темноте и вдыхаю гнилье отлива.”

“Knives are sharp, but are equally confusing.”

